Great car 5
Top car iv had every convertable vw hav made and still hav a mk 1 golf but not cabriollet 5
Perfect size for me and I love having the roof down in the Summer and feeling more of a free spirit in these stressed times :)  5
Fantastic car very reliable 5
I sold this car, it was snapped up, but I own an identical car, which I won't be selling. :-)  5
Stunning car a dream to drive and very good on fuel cant beat this engine!!! 5
We live in Spain now and own a motorhome for touring. I sold the Golf Estate privately with no trouble at all when we left the UK. It was the second one I owned and I cried as it went off the drive. When we come back we will have another perhaps not an estate. It depends if we still play golf because it holds 2 power trolleys and 2 full sets of clubs without the rear seat going down. 5
It's reliable and goes where you want it to. It has 180,000 miles on the clock and still going strong. Its a work horse 5
My car has been a great servant to me but unfortunately 5
Sold as we now have moved to the Channel Islands. But miss it as it went 10 years without any problem, being totally reliable. A great car ideal if you need an estate as we lived in a village and needed to collect things and had a dog who went in the back. 5
VW are the best cars I have ever driven. The Golf Diesel Estate is the second one I have owned and it is great for putting the dogs in the back of. It also has a lot of room for shopping, or luggage.  Economical on long trips and around town. 5
The feel of solidness & quality to the car.  Exciting acceleration of the 130bhp engine allied with excellent economy, 55mpg on local & up to 66.3 mpg on a long European trip.  Relaxing drive as ample power for all situations and easy cruising in 6th gear. 5
best car I have ever had when it goes to car heaven I will get another 5
It is a great car however I do not know why it was made so much bigger than my old golf I  really would have liked it to be a bit smaller 5
brilliant estate car and fast travelling car, does what it says on the tin plus  5
Not selling I love it too much- is far better than the latest models! 5
Great car done 290000 mile on the original clutch.. Always drive well and has never failed me. 5
I purchased this car second hand and it the first diesel I have owned(I have been a car owner since the 1950s). I have it regularly serviced by the local VW agent and can honestly say it has been utterly reliable. I must declare that most of the cars I have owned over the years have been Volkswagens! 5
What else is there to say. I have owned VWs since the mid 1960s. Great cars! 5
Very good 5
By far the best car I have ever owned. Still going extremely well after 176,000 miles, and hopefully for more thousand miles. 5
Nice solid car, good weight doors, do noy catch your leg in them. It make you feel as if there is a good piece of meat around you. Which makes you feel safe. 5
I had the car for 12 years. The only time it let me down was when it needed a new battery. Started what ever the weather my son had the same model and did over 200.00 miles with no problems. 5
best car i have owned.  only down side is the size if the boot. 5
The turbo is blowing out black smoke now but the car is over 10yr oldd 5
We loved our Golf excellent car 5
Brilliant car....returns 55+MPG & the build quality is fantastic. The DSG gearbox is precise & smooth, I can't see why you would opt for a manual version. This car can't be faulted in any way apart from the drivers seat being a little hard !!  I expect residuals to be class leading. Service intervals are long & cost reasonable. Buy one, you wont be disappointed. 5
Superb package all round, that why it's expensive to buy in the first place !! 5
I've been around the corporate exec fleet cars but when this car for myself I didn't expect to be smitten with it.  It's the most comforatbe car that I've driven in 40 years of driving, it goes like a devil when you want it to, great handling & superb levels of fuel economy. If you want a car, get a Golf! 5
This is my third Golf and they are the best car I have had in my 43  tears of driving  5
TOTAL RELIABILITY WITH A GOLF OLD OR NEW ! LOVE THEM WILL NOT BUY OR DRIVE ANYTHING ELSE NOW ! 5
Life is only what you make it make it VW 5
One of the best cars on the market 5
best car on the market 5
Would not buy anything else having now had four! 5
Excellent car it's was my forth golf and best one yet 5
Excellent car it's was my forth golf and best one yet 5
Great drive, brilliant fuel economy Looks great 5
A fantastic car 5
After 3 years of excellent motoring we still have the security that our vs will still get us safely to our destination 5
It is a brilliant car & I would definitely recommend this car.  5
Brilliant 2012 Tdi Match 1.6 technology & RDS Nav , love it 5
Best car for fuel.  5
after 28 vw golfs over 30 years I think there is nothing to compare 5
having owned 28 vw golfs since 1979 I think I know a bit about them I have recommended to friends neighbours and a few have bought over the years I think I am good advert for vw looking to buy mk 7in the near future. 5
Love my car  5
my VW Golf is the best little car in the world. untill I buy my next one !!! 5
Best car I've ever had 5
Just all round great! 5
I love my golf. I bought it when I retired from work. It is reliable, excellent mileage , comfortable and is adaptable for all I need in a car, from carrying large objects to just me.Fantastic car 5
Excellent, reliable car 5
I loved this car sooo much! Didn't want to sell it but I got an excellent price so it was less painful! 5
Super smooth and lots of power.  Love my mk6 bluemotion Golf.  5
Excellent car, very comfy to drive and so reliable. Just a smooth, beautiful car. 5
Everything just feels so well made, can't think of a better car in this class 5
Great car  5
Excellent car 5
the best model 5
My only criticism after 3 years of driving is that the automatic gearbox is not quite as smooth as I would wish it to be on hill starts.  Otherwise it is a great little runner with plenty of room for passengers in the back seats. 5
I've always wanted a golf and found the diesel to be the best economy car I've ever owned. Smooth to drive, great acceleration when needed, excellent reliability. It has stalled three times when accelerating from standstill but I attribute this to my having returned from holiday having driven petrol hire cars that are able to take off from second gear.  5
It has been very reliable and a privilege to own and drive. It has been maintained in excellent order and looks as new. 5
yeas,this car is all that you say plus a little bit extra on economy and performance,after all it is a 170. 5
Excellent car, no faults at all, for Fuel economy,reliability is No 1. Nothing goes wrong with them, plus it has luxury leathers heated seats,computer, 140 bhp awesome on motorway. 5
This was a brilliant carm which delivered almost 50k of reliable and economic motoring, with the extra pawer for overtaking and hill-climing especially useful. It had the adaptive suspension and a 510 sat nav system. Excellent long-distance car (We visited places as far apart as Styria, Tuscany, The Swiss Alps, Berlin, Wolfsburg, The Black Forest and Provence in it). The extra power proved especially useful on German Autobahns, enabling it to cruise at well over 100 mph, with ease. Needless to say it was replaced by the latest Mk7 version of the same, which is even better! 5
fantastic car I love it 5
Best car I have ever had , so good I part exchanged it for another Golf with DSg autobox 1.4TSi which I love even more .Every journey is like driving a new car  will definately have another in 18mths time Thank You Pat Guest 5
I have been VW fan since year 2000 and will continue to do so . Most reliable and dependable car . The car I have is my 3rd VW and I have booked my new one which is due in Nov. I have had 2 golf TDI, Lupo and another one booked is golf again GTI  5
5 stars    5
I have owned 2, the first one on 1 56 plate drank the oil, but my 1.9 is norma on a 58 plate 5
Very nice 5
It was my first car which was golf mk1 gti which I had about 20years ago I'm now driving a 1.9tdi mk5 it's got better with time looking forward to owning the new golf R soon hopefully mk6 5
I love the TDI as an all rounder.  All the comfort of large family car, all the economy of a teeny car.  Strong and good looking build and probably the most reliable car I've ever had.  Third Golf in last 10 years, no going back now. 5
Affordable motoring 5
Had mine 6 years...a fantastic reliable car 5
I have my golf for almost 5 and so far i never had trouble, i take care of it, i have the services up to date, i have beem travelling france, spain, portugal, i am thinking of trading it next year but because i have 3 kids and know they are all in High School i need a bigger car! 5
Bought 5 years Ago and never had problem, love it 5
Awesome car. Love the Golf 5
BEST CAR EVER 5
Better than the French cars Ihad before  5
This  is a great car and whilst we have done loads of miles, it continues to deliver fantastic fuel economy, great comfort and very very reasonable to run. we love it so much i don't think we will ever sell it.   5
Awesome car highly recommended 5
Great Cars 5
Best car yet for me 5
Five and a half years of driving a great car,still getting better with the miles for performance and economy,the best car we have ever owned !!! 5
When I need another car I will have the same :-) (I live in a bus so don't need a car.) 5
I have been driving Volkswagen golf cars for the last ten years.I am very happy with the golf and find they are a very reliable car. 5
It's a brilliant car to drive I love driving my golf it's my joy  5
volkswagen golfs are the best value for money cars and they look stylish to  5
This is my third Golf TDI  and  can only say how pleased we have been with all of them, guess what we will be having next!!! 5
Since the first day I bought my golf I have been impressed with it and even now when it is 8 years old I feel the same 5
A solid reliable economical and pleasing to look at car with a comfortable ride and tremendous fuel economy easy to park and I regret getting another car not up to the specifications set by this model 5
Great car fun to drive  5
Great car in the process of buying another one. 5
great 5
Superb all round. Can't fault it Atall.  Great pleasure to get into & drive ,  As much fun & enjoyment as first day brought  5
the best car I've owned, look after it and it won't let you down also vw hold their value so much better than others 5
I have changed to a 2012 Volkswagon Gulf 2.0 TDI  GT it's a great car and improved on the 2006 (engine noise level much less and smoother) 5
Excellent Reliability, and ran very well. Excellent road holding abilities, and felt very safe. Good all round vision. 5
i purchased my vw golf gt tdi about five years ago on a 55 plate and must say havent had any trouble with it at all,other than serviceing the car at a vw dealer i would get another vw tomorrow if i had a choice.recommend a vw to anyone. 5
Top car comfy pokey still has Vw style with the added cheap running cost  5
After more than 8 years and 140,000 miles this car still amazes me. Consistently 55+ mpg, service every 18,000 miles, uses virtually no oil. Usually driven quite gently, but it can really move if required and has touched 130 mph on German autobahns. 5
Great Car 5
Turbos are only prone of people floor the cars whilst engine is still cold which happens to any car with a turbo 5
The Golf is the best car I have owned, over 110,000 miles now and still no problems and drives like new. 5
Wouldn't buy anything else!!! 5
A brilliant car which is both stylish and practical. I find it very economical to drive with great reliability to boot. All round a great car! 5
one of the best could not ask for better  5
my golf has ovenr 140 000 miles on the clock but still a nice and quick  small car 5
Top car! 5
The best car I have ever driven, I will never drive anything but a golf in the future. Golf all the way for me x 5
Fast, fun & economical 5
Smooth drive, great handling and has power. Overall feels like a well made vehicle that will last you. 5
A fantastic car, reliable and economical. Great drive either round town or on the motorway. 5
A brillaint car, great to drive and really solidly built. Mine's over 9 years old and still has it's original exhaust. 5
fantastic car 5
I've had every golf from mk 1 to mk 5. Wouldn't buy any other car! 5
Exlent 5
See for your self 5
Best car I have had fast economical and fun to drive this is I think my 14 the golf and by far the best 5
I miss it it was a great car  5
Excellent car. Very reliable. Good for a bit of fun and also for visiting the supermarket. Good all round motor.... 5
It's a beautiful and when you want it to be and have the open space it's a whole lotta fun  5
Mine has the sat sav upgrade with Bluetooth heated seats great car 5
Amazing car still love it after 2 years...I'm getting between 50-60 mpg.. 5
We owned that car since 2008 and we've never had any problems or break down. It's the best car we've owned so far !!! 5
i love my golf 5
Just love getting in the car. Drives like a dream and its a diesel ! Saving up for a newer model :-)  5
Best car I've ever had  5
I'm on my second Golf & love them  5
Superb! 5
Great car to drive!  5
It's a great car that just ticks every box . Feels safe and secure on the road, dose what you ask of it every time . Good balance of space and comfort, combined with power and economy. From the Mk2 to the Mk5 loved everyone ! It's only a matter of time till there is a Mk7 on the drive . 5
Reliable &  nice to drive :)  5
VW is the only car that I have keot for more than 3 years I would highly recommend this car 5
Excellent all-rounder 5
Best Cars 5
-brill car should never have bought match 1.6tdi 2010 mpg round town not good. 5
5*+ 5
Volkswage I love you 5
VW Golf is  so reliable.. This is my 3rd one!  5
Great car to drive, fantastic fuel effeciency still getting up to 70mpg. Love VW would deffinately reccomend them! 5
Purchased a newer golf. 5
Great car........very reliable - you always feel secure whilst driving. Hugs the road and has a great turn of speed when you need it, even in the high gear. Looking to upgrade now after 5 years of ownership. 5
133,000 looks like a 3yr old drives like a 3yr old ...going to get a newer model 5
Exceptional as it attributed to all the above grading to me 5
Quality motor 5
I have the 1.9 tdi se 5
Look great. Drives great. Fuel consumption great. Outstandingly Reliable 5
Good 5
Love this car.  5
I loved it so much l gave it to by daughter to drive it, I don't drive it now but I can admire it parked at my house everyday. 5
Best car I have ever bought. 5
Even if I won the lottery I would still drive a golf ! 5
Even if I won the lottery I would still drive a golf! 5
Best car we have ever owned for comfort, performance, fuel economy. Easy to get 70mpg. Just the best. 5
I am a lifetime GOLF driver, nothing else compares, forget Minnie Driver, long live Bev Golf-driver!!! 5
When I buy my next car it will most certainly  be a Volkswagen Golf  Diesel hatchback, it's so comfortable and reliable easy to drive love it 5
I couldn't fault this car if I wanted to.  Always reliable, cost effective and not expensive to fix, great yound driver or even family car 5
Brilliant car all round 5
Very Good 5
Very economical and a really good drive  ; )) 5
Best car I've ever owned, can't beat it! 5
Very fuel economical, i will hate parting with this car..it's perfect 5
A solid nippy and efficient little car, the only drawback is that I would have gone for a 4 door if I had to choose again. 5
had new cars fast cars and not so fast cars but in 25 years of driving all sorts of vehicles this was by far my my most favoured 5
great to drive reliable exciting cheep to run really comfortable i would reccomend this car to any one 5
Iv had the mk4 gt tdi 150 for 18 months now and I love it,it's great on the mpg and has cheap road tex too,also has plenty of torque,I highly recommend this vehicle,great drive. 5
Solid reliable car 1.9 pdi 150 best of the lot 5
I love the Golf and would be hard pressed to choose another car, if I had to 5
Awesome car!!! 5
Love my golf, smooth, nippy to drive, very economical on fuel, plenty of space in boot for a pram. It's the 4th one I've had !!  5
Great car   5
The VW Golf GT-TDI 150bhp was a great car of it's day & still out performs many new cars of equivalent engine size today. The beauty of this car is that it can be driven sedately or with haste when needed, an easy drive for motorway roads or country lanes. Just a brilliant all rounder. 5
Great car a real work horse  5
i've had this car over 3 years and goes through mot with very little repair cost, im a great fan of VW because of its reliability and built quality, thanks 5
Best car iv drove 5
Only bad thing i can say against VW's is they tend to rust at wheel arches,has happened on my last three VW's. 5
car now used by son. Other than a total turbo failure for which there was no satisfactory explanation as the car serviced on an annual basis, the car was a pleasure to use. 5
car given to son to carry on running. very pleased with it, only serious problem was turbo failure cause unknown as vehicles was serviced at correct intervals, together with cambelt changes at correct periods. almost 11 years of exceptional service!  we anticpate at least other 10 years.       5
I baught my VW Golf GTTDI on my retirement to replace my company Mercedes because I already had another large estate car. I never regreted buying my Golf  performance great and Torque fantastic.The only problem was that when i came to replace it ten years later all the extras that were included without additional cost originally were now extra.I therefore looked around for an alternative and baught a Lexus 200h where everything that I liked in the golf were included in the price of the Lexus. 5
Huge fan of the VW golf in every aspect.  Would not hesitate to replace my current one with a newer model when I come to change my car. 5
I sold my hatchback Golf to buy an estate Golf, Diesel. I love VW Golf 5
Great reliable car 5
had mine for 8 years  best car i have ever owned  5
Yeh rust appearing on my arches. Other than that, been an awesome purchase.  5
Simply fantastic car from the experts in motoring. Have considered on a number of occasions changing for something else, now the family is about to expand but simply can't bring myself to part company. Love it, live it drive it!!! 5
Brilliant little car with very good fuel economy. 5
mines the 1.9 130bhp golf gt tdi fantastic little car fantastic fuel economy ,still averages 45+ mpg , cheep road tax ?125 per year have to shop around for insurance but then so do most   52 plate but still goes very well even with 156000 miles on the clock had it nearly 9 years often thought of getting something a bit newer but allways go back to my little golf lol  5
Best car I ever had  5
Love my tdi golf would struggle to buy a different car  5
This car is fantastic, sailed through every MOT, powerful and solid. A fine example of VWs. Best to drive with instant fuel consumption showing so u can drive it as economical as possible. One car I'll keep  5
Always wanted one, have had my 2003 tdi for six years now and still is a great drive! 5
what an amazing car i have owned a mk1 a mk2 a mk3 a mk4 a mk5 and now own a mk6 LOVE THEM  5
Great car with all the comfort you need for everyday driving and long distance drives teamed up with the acceleration and speed you want for the weekend. Reliable car with great mpg, and the diesels  just keep going, taking every mile as if it was it's first. they  5
i love my vw.  Would not change it for anything!! 5
Excellent car very economical, reliable and fast. My Volkswagen mechanic has recommended the 1.9 engine instead of the 2.0 litre engine for performance and after remapping it to 182bhp it doesn't disappoint. Fantastic car even with high mileage, providing you service it regularly the car won't let you down highly recommended. Best car I have driven, very well engineered. 5
Brilliant in every way. Mk 7 was worth the wait. No bad points as yet. 5
Brilliant car. Can I have it back please? 5
Have had my car since new, bought in 2003.  Just hit 120,000 miles and its still going strong. Very comfortable and safe to drive.  Over the years have not ever found a reason to sell and replace it. 5
I now have a vw tiguan 5
This is the best car I have ever owned.  It is reliable, fast when needed, very economical on fuel.  I love the shape, the colour and the ease of driving.  I have owned this car from new, no-one - other than when it is serviced - has ever driven it but me and I feel quite "personal" about it.  It is my friend and it has never let me down.  I would recommend a VW Golf to anyone - wonderful cars. 5
VW Mark 4 Golf were the best of the breed, there after VW screwed up with the Golf design Mark 5, 6 and even 7 look cheap and fearful on the road and not fearless. 5
VW Golf Mark 4 TDI 1.9 Model is one of the very best of the breed from VW. Later model VW Golf Mark 5 and later became much better in efficiency and lightweight but the looks became bit dull. 5
I love my car and would highly recommend a VW Golf to any prospective buyer. It is very reliable and (before I speak too soon) has never let me down. I have looked after my car and it has served me very well. 5
1000% value for money,love the shape, i wish they still make this same model instead of the new versions 5
I have a VW TDI GOLF and have done since new and it has been a fantastic automobile in every way.  I would thoroughly recommended it as a solid and reliable car. 5
it cant be beat ,will never part with it  5
Exellent 5
I like my car it's the best car I've ever owned  5
Excellent that's the golf !!!!!!!! 5
Best car I e ever owned  5
I borrowed the golf as I needed a car 2 days later I bought it, the tdi is best car I have owned since I started driving 23 years ago cheap to run solid build quality and big enough for my 3 kids  5
I have given the car to my daughter as it is the best car I have ever had and I now have a VW Polo which is just as good. 5
Very good car  5
Great car. It looks cool so my kids dont mind me picking dem up from school in it. I feel young and funky driving it. 5
I will only have v w cars  5
Review for Golf IV. Great car overall car. 5
Very economical! Full tank gets me 700 miles! Currently on 170 thousand and it still drives like new!  5
I bought my golf off my brother with 43,000 mls on the clock.  ,Ive had it 4 yrs and added anouther 37,000 mls it has never let us down,its serviced every 7000 mls,and is in excellent condition,my daughter will be the proud owner in 2014,and i will definitely be buying anouther. 5
I've had my 2001 golf for 7 years now and it now stands at over 130000 miles, and it is an amazing car! Reliable, trusworthy, If in doubt buy a golf 5
It one of the best cars I have had  5
Amazing car. Bought from new, now 15 year old. The best car I have owned by far. 5
I love my car, especilly the turbo! 5
I have owned my Golf since 2001 and have had 11 great years of driving it. It is fully loaded with fitted sunroof and electric windows etc. I decided years ago to keep it until it fell apart and would love to change it for a younger model when the time comes. I would recommend the GT TDI to anyone for its excellent performance and fuel economy and the Mark IV is for me, the best shaped Golf that has been produced. 5
Part ex with VW for new VW Polo  Serviced at VW in latter years 5
cant folt my mk4 gt tdi. 5
Loved driving my golf was smooth and comfortable. U fortunately kids came along and I needed a family wagon 5
had it from new expensive at that time but well worth it only had regular servicing and tyres everything else including the exhaust still original 5
My vw golf tdi is 14 years old and nearly 230,000 miles on it, I love it 5
Most reliable car ever 5
Excellent car 5
Always very reliable  5
Just a brilliantly efficient form of stylish, classic, affordable and non-status transport - year after year - 14 years and going strong 5
Really enjoyed owning this car. Unfortunately following a fall and damaging my knees, we needed to change to a car I did not have to get down into. Very sorry to have to let the Golf go. 5
Awesome car all round :)  5
I have owned 30 or so cars in the past. The golf diesel has been the most enjoyable  and reliable  out of all of them. I have had. The Mark4 for twelve Years and it has never failed to start on the first turn ot the key. This is the reason for keeping it so long.   5
Very good car and wouldnt drive anything else at mmoment. 5
Great car, reliable and sturdy !!!  5
Great car, now disposed off, after owning it for 11 years, was just beginning to show its age and reliability, just like a human at end of normal life pattern, still have two Golfs    5
Great car in every way!  5
Great car, cannot fault it 5
best car i have owned will not get rid of it ever, will just do it up, get it remapped, and upgrade the engine and all other components. 5
best car i have owned will not get rid of it ever, will just do it up, get it remapped, and upgrade the engine and all other components. 5
Loved the car. Sadly missed xx 5
great car 5
Brill! Car. 5
The golf tdi (RED i)is probably the best car I have ever had. Great power, great fuel economy. Have had bmw's and audi's this is the best by far.  5
50 mpg what else is there to say, power,  safe,  reliability, affordable  5
This is the best car ever, its like a friend that never lets you down, what ever you put it through. When this one gives up, in a long time I hope, I will try to find some thing the same. Pamela Perry 5
Loved the Golf but got a job with co. car involved-so I sold the Golf - got more than I paid for it. I left the job after 5  months & wish I still had the Golf. No cobblers, it was excellent in every way. 5
Have driven golfs for the past 18 years. Would not drive anything else.   5
The best car I have ever owned, owned it for 14 years. 5
Hell of a motor great fuel economy!! 5
I have had this car from new in 2000. It has never let me down and still drives like a new car.  5
I've owned one since 2001.it has literally NEVER broken down. Starts first time in every condition. Just a fantastic car. When I do get a new car, I will get another one, but with such reliability, there is no need to move on yet! It's comfortable, and spacious enough for a family with 3 kids in the back.  5
Loads of features, the Radar is fantastic. Auto reverse parking great. I could afford to spend up to ?60000.00 but my Golf at ?22000.00 meets all my requirements on top of which my wife enjoys it as a passenger or driver. The size makes it fit in parking spaces bigger cars cannot get into. 5
Great car 5
No problems at all. 5
Currently on my fifth Golf. This is the best version I have owned. It is a Golf Match TSI 1.4. It is an excellent car to drive  and I would certainly recommend this vehicle to everyone. It holds its resale value and not expensive to maintain. 5
An all round excellent car, well built, fun and easy to drive. 5
Love the car. Was a good price and service center excellent. all staff at show room good. 5
Great car 5
This car is the most reliable one I have ever owned drives well comfortable in the back easy control panel 5
Superb design and quality. Good residual values. 5
Best good all round value quality family car on the market in my view, brilliant economically solid reliability and comfort  after owning several Volvos which are known for comfort I was very pleasantly surprised after driving a long distance in my Golf when I arrived at my destination I was as fresh as though I had just stepped in the car. I would most certainly recommend the Volkswagen Golf to any one as a solid quality good all rounder.  Defiantly comes up trumps, very good investment as the residual value is extremely good. 5
The car is a joy to drive and people comment on how great the car looks especially with the added spotlights. They make it look more sporty. 5
It is the first time that I have had the pleasure of owning a Volkswagen Golf TSI.  It is a superb vehicle and has all the features of a car which could be two or three times its current price. 5
I have had several golf's and all have been excellent.  I love how easy they are to drive,  don't need any attention,  has all the facilities I need,  and I love the styling.  You can't have a better car in this price range.   5
One of the bst cars I have ever owned. The build quality is first class and the SE model has an excellent standard of finish and well equipped. 5
Love it  5
Best car I have ever owned. Was very sad to see her go. Would recommend a VW Golf to anyone. I have never felt as safe in any other car I have owned or driven 5
Golf R32 5DR, DSG, with all extra goodies....even had fitted the reverse camera and TV tuner to the Factory Sat Nav system...awesome....!!!! Love the car to pieces, a joy to drive every time. Highly recommended if you are looking to buy one....but make sure you get one with Nav + DSG.....Have FUN...!  5
I've got a golf Gti 2010 which I love and won't be selling it for a whole that's until I can afford the new mk7 golf Gti :-) 5
briliant car  fast great to drive proud to own .beats them all better than anyone . 5
My wife just loves the car.   5
I bought this car brand new.. Felt ecstatic driving out the showroom with a fab car.. Drives smoothly, comfortably and nippy. Good car to drive around in town and on the motorway.. Astonishingly one of the best cars to drive in the winter, in the dark winters night. By far a great car!!! Highly recommended!! 5
This Golf is by a considerable margin the best car that I have ever owned. It feels solid and well made and not one fault has arisen in 46,000 miles. At first the engine felt tight but this must have been due to accurate machining, since it has run better and better as it loosens up and now feels much more powerful than when it was new.  5
Lovely car 5
Best in class 5
Our Golf Hatchback is a trusted member of the family and so far has never let us down or disappinted us.  We take HER for granted, and sometimes when I walk towards her to get in I feel a flicker of pride in how perfect she still looks and how friendly she gleams. We look after her in terms of servicing shedule and she repays us in her own way. I suppose I have a love affair with her and think she is the only one for me - and I am a woman! Luise Butcher 5
Can't fault it so far! 5
Quite simply the best all round car I have ever had. 5
I've got one but very easy to drive and very happy with what I've got 5
Is great car to drive around  5
Just can't ever see myself driving anything else than a Golf. Its timeless. Trusted. Just gets better and better. Others try to match but in vein. 5
Had one for 3 years now and don`t wanna sell because it drives so nice....But i thi8nk i`ll upgrade to the newer version. 5
Is a great and a good car to own but a small car when you have a large family, 5
Really pleased with the car - no problems from new 5
Excellent  car /very reliable 5
First class car 5
This car is well look after since I bought it.Everything of it is still looks new and perfect condition. Recently did MOT test and it past outright plus fix new tyres at the back 5
Best car ever  5
Mk5 Gti, best all round car on the road! 5
Great car 5
I have owned Golfs for the last twenty years or so and have never been disappointed with any of the various models in my possession over that time. In my view the Golf range represents the best medium sized vehicle on the market and has done so for the last two decades as far as I am concerned. I am fortunate enough to also run a Mercedes and can honestly say that I do not feel in the least short changed when I get behind the wheel of the Golf having just driven the Merc. Keep up the good work !! One very satisfied owner..   5
Very good 5
Best car on the market best gearbox F1 tech DSG  5
I didn't realise how great the car would be VW you got a fantastic car with lots of style and so have I 5
Loved my very nippy little VW Golf... 5
fantastic car 5
I LOVE MY CAR IT HAS NEVER LET ME DOWN. 5
Great car fantastic to drive.  5
It is studendously undeniably indefatigably sensuously devine. My first golf saved me from drowning in the big flood in the 90's. My second saved me from  near misses,(not my fault) several times. I am now older AND I think wiser and my new golf  parks itself AND  almost drives itself. So I am even more stunned by the golf mark 7.  5
really good reliable car and that is why i keep buying golfs 5
The car is the best car i have ever bought, i have had loads of problems since i bought the car but i still love it. 5
It is a really good car 5
Best medium sized car on the market today 5
All good. No complaints. 5
VW Golf, excellent, great to drive, very comfortable, I've not had any problems and really good on running costs. 5
Grate car 5
Brilliant car 5
Best car ever built !!! 5
I love Vw and wouldn't have anything else 5
Best car I ever drove 5
i have the golf R which is great to drive 5
I purchased this car just under three years ago, it is lovely to drive, very comfortable, very reliable, Cruise control, Lots of little gadgets to play around with. I'm pretty confident this car will last me a few more years even is doesn't I would without hesitation by another VW Golf.    5
would not change it for the world!!!!! 5
Comfortable, roomy and nice to drive, very good on fuel too 5
The most amazing car. I've always owned a VW 5
Amazing car was brought as a birthday present 5year ago and I have yet to spend any serious money to fix it. Best car I've ever had 5
BEST CAR I HAVE EVER OWNED AND HAD THE PRIVILEGE OF DRIVING!!... 5
Excellent car - owned it from new - never a probem with it - had to change due to high mileage - could not afford a new one - had to go cheaper.  New car good but not half as good as Golf 5
I love my V Wagon golf 5
I have just bought a new Golf Plus. This is my third Volkswagen Golf in a row, they are reliable, practical, and perform well, a "true drivers car", and I can dispel the myth about Volkswagens being slow ( thanks, Mr. Clarkson!! ), as mine is certainly "no slouch!" 5
no problems at all 5
The engine kept cutting out when you slowed down for a junction, no garage could fix it, so I had to let her go 5
brilliant car , well worth the accolade of every car you will ever need 5
Great car to drive , have kept it longer than any other car  5
I have owned Volkswagen  for many years and I find them very comfortable , Quiet engines, consumption excellent and a dream to drive 5
Great car to drive, very reliable, had the car for over 10 years!  5
I just love it to bits! 5
I am really satisfied with it. I had it for 12 years and found it very reliable. 5
Excellent car well built and reilable  5
Can't go wrong with a vw. 5
Best hatch ever, you know your safe when your in a golf. 5
Love this car, very comfortable to drive with adjustable seat height and steering column and great visibility.  Very reliable, never had a problem starting it, and it feels safe.  I've had quite a few cars in my time and this one is my favourite.  5
It is a comfortable car to drive 5
Wouldn't drive or buy any other car ! Excellent. 5
An all round great reliable car to drive. I also love the shape of my m4 golf! 5
best car ever built from mk1 to mk8 5
Best car I've had so far 5
Since I have passed my driving test, I have always wanted a Volkswagen Golf, mind you it took me 5 attempts at different cars before I got my beloved Golf.  I have not looked back since.    My Golf is economical, very reasonable on insurance, does not rust easily, it is well built.  I LOVE IT!!! 5
Good quality.  5
Good quality.  5
Wouldn't swap it for anything, unless it was a more equipped model.  5
it is the best car i have ever owned you can not fault anything wih vw golf i have had three now 5
Lovely car to drive 5
Awesome car  5
Love driving my Golf GTi, it is so reliable.  I never worry about breaking down, I know Volkswagens are an extremely well made car. 5
Best car ever 5
It's a good car to drive, not too thirsty and handles quite well.  The only obvious not so great things are it sounds like a diesel on start up and the tailgate gets dirty (due to a 'design fault')  Very reliable, and looks ok too! 5
Loved mine for the many years I had it.......traded in for the focus ST 5
I love it. 5
Drives very well 5
Very nice car 5
This is my all time favourite car. Chosen with care and loved. Chosen after experience of travelling in a friends Golf. I know that the Golf is the second most perfect car. Ever.  5
Very Comfortable and good econemy a pleasure to drive,spare parts are very good value and safety is better that any vehicle i have driven. Over all i would recommend a Volkswagon car above all others. 5
Love my golf get one with leather and nav perfect set up especially heated leather for winter  5
I love golfs so i would recommend them to everyone! My number 1 car 5
great drive great car 5
Best car I've ever owned. She's still going strong after doing 195, 000 miles.  I still love her dearly and enjoy every mile we do together. Next year my girl and I will finally be parted. I dread that day, there will definately be tears. Until then, our love will continue. 5
Loved that car, did not want to sell it, but we could not justify running 2 cars any longer as I changed my job and now worked locally but I still miss it to this day. Just glad the new owner has as much enjoyment as I did and more.. 5
Vw is the best and do galactic miles with ease   5
Love that car it was awsome 5
Great 5
I absolutely loved my Golf and am considering buying another as it was very reliable, a great drive and it just went and went and went!! 5
Great cars.  5
supurb car, grat to drive and unbeatable quality for thr price 5
Excellent little runner! 5
The Golf is a lovely poised car ,suitable for all ages. Agile yet very stable, & very comfortable. 5
Simply the best wheels in the road  5
My first Golf was bought in January 1999 and is still on the go.I bought  a new Golf in June 2011 and love it.It is a delight to drive 5
Comfy drive, decent family car 5
lovely car!  best car i have ever owned! 5
I love my golf it's a great car to drive great on fuel and looks good too I would highly recommend as its very reliable and if you do have problems with the car the parts are not too expensive 5
I love my golf, my family each have one we have 3 mk 4's n 1 mk3. But the newer shapes aren't as nice  5
Love it  5
Great car 5
Wouldnt have any other car this is my pride and joy class cars  5
The best thing going mk4 5
I want this car for our next powerslide Verminamor joyride ! 5
Comfortable and roomy, fast, reliable, always ready to start, by far my favorite car. 5
Brilliant car to own.  5
I`ve got 7 of them so they must be ok. 5
Awesome cars, dare say I will have another at some point.  5
Best car I've ever owned matches up to my Range Rover excellent on fuel 5
6 Feb 2013, still waiting for someone to buy this vehicle, golf gti 2 litre, 45944 miles, owned by family members since new, fitted with TOAD security, bargain at ?3000 5
Excellenf 5
good road holder, corners well, powerful engine when you need it , 5 speed box , air con,  5
Brilliant to drive comfortable 5 speed box 2 litre fuel injection. Low maintenance . Air con. Good solid built car.  5
I had this car for 5 years and was the most reliable car I had ever driven. It took us all round Europe as well and was very comfortable for the many hours spent in it. Very economical even on short distances. I gave the car to a family member due to needing a bigger car as my family grew otherwise would probably still be driving it. 5
An excellent car. 5
This has been my favourite car of all 5 that I have previously owned.  I had to get rid due to an injury that forced me into an automatic else I would still have her!  One day I will drf have one again. Loved everything about her.  5
A super motor has given me many years of pleasurable driving and very reliable.  Certainly not boring has plenty of acceleration when needed. Will be looking to replace it with another Golf when it tires. 5
Very reliable and good in driving  5
Reliable car easy to drive. Great car had no real problems just simple wear and tear. 5
I loved my car but at 185k miles time to upgrade  5
Brilliant car  5
Best thing I have ever done buying the golf. Love it. 4.8
I love mine.I have had 3 before,some manual roofs and some auto.All have been reliable,good looking and lovely to drive.Love em! 4.8
I.had two VW Avantguard. Lovely cars. Never gave any problem and very comfortable. 4.8
I love my convertible , it's reliable in any weather and I should  now I live on back roads which sometimes are flooded or snow drifted  4.8
It's a great car enjoyed and a pleasure to drive wouldn't be without it Great design way down Volkswagen 4.8
It was a great car.  I had it for 13 years and enjoyed every day that I drove it.  I sold it to a friend and so I still see it occasionally and feel quite nostalgic when I do! 4.8
missing it. 4.8
Had the car for 10 years, lovely car! 4.8
I have a '98 in black, has great Recaro leather seats, A/C and returns avg. 31 MPG. Why buy a new car and waste money when this car still looks good and is very reliable. 4.8
An excellent all round convertible car 4.8
Excellent multi purpose vehicle. 55 + mph on a long run.  4.8
Excellent combination of space, comfort + reliability 4.8
Solid reliable car, excellent space with the seat folded down and with the roof rails easy to fit roof bars. Will at a steady 65mph with the cruise control on will show up to 68mpg on my car. 4.8
Excellent work horse and pleasure vehicle 4.8
Good reliable family car 4.8
A great little car, Cheap to pick up-and run  -BUT watch for rust around the A-Pillars and front wings. The wings are cheap but the A-Pillars are structural (and on the MOT check!)  All in all a great car to drive.  The fuel economy is great and service is minimal.  (Oils & Filters twice a Year) 4.8
200k miles and still going strong 4.8
It's a brilliant car to drive! 4.8
This a great car best auto box I have ever had better than BMW and Merc 4.8
Excellent and reliable car. Lovely drive and sooooo comfortable!  4.8
I've had four golfs, 4 polos and  tiguan. 4.8
Well made 4.8
i love this car, vw have finally got the golf back to its roots 4.8
First ever VW and very happy with it. The car build and quality is best by far. Its very nippy to drive and fantastic on fuel. What more can i say 10/10 4.8
Best car I have had !  4.8
I loved my golf  but wanted a change since that was the third golf in a row, the best of the three, also the dearest.  I still have a VW, Tiguan R Line. 4.8
Lovely car always been reliable , quick off the mark ! Looks sporty too...  If ever did change Would get the golf gtd as I would like the 170 bhp car as I've had this since 2010 and bit use to the power ?? Recommend to anyone ! Quick as a petrol car but economical as it's a diesel !  Full tank over 600 miles on a long run ??  4.8
Just great 4.8
Quality car. Highly recommend to anyone. Fuel lasts forever unless you put your foot down, but drive sensible and youll average 45-55 MPG. Great car. Will buy another golf and another one after that 4.8
Lovely car 4.8
Great since first big service. Economy brilliant. 4.8
Lovely car would thoroughly recommend 4.8
Owning this car has been a great experience, it's fun to drive and yet comfortable and economical when necessary. 4.8
Excellent car and fun to drive.  4.8
With DSG box the 2ltr diesel flies & is still very economical. Hugs the road and responds swiftly to commands with the lag on other VAG auto boxes.  4.8
The best 4.8
I HAVE HAD THIS CAR FOR NINE YEARS NOW AND NOT ONCE HAS IT LET ME DOWN. SOME OF THE SERVICING HAS BEEN POOR AT ONE OR TWO VW APPOINTED GARAGES. IN ONE INSTANCE, BEFORE GOING INTO THE GARAGE, I KNEW THE BOOT LIGHT DID NOT WORK. IT STILL DID NOT WORK AFTER THE SERVICE YET IT HAD BEEN TICKED OFF THE CHECK LIST AS BEING IN WORKING ORDER, OH! DEAR. 4.8
Love my golf. Fast, safe & fun to drive. 4.8
a great economical medium hatchback that holds its value 4.8
The car of the year - any Year  4.8
Re the person disappointed by the fuel economy:  I am quite fanatical about checking this and regularly get 56mpg.  However, I live in the countryside so don't do much stop/start driving nor many short journeys. 4.8
Really nice car to drive, very comfortable, excellent economy, very reliable 4.8
my only complaint is that this model does not drive well in ver snowy conditions 4.8
A car that holds it's own with strong presence and reasonable economy. 4.8
Best car on the road 4.8
Best car I ever owned  4.8
One of the greatest cars out there. 4.8
Equal best car I have ever owned;  this is my second from new. I just love the Golf.  Mine averages 56 mpg and is no effort at all to drive and maintain. 4.8
Brill litle car 4.8
It does everything right even for a motoring  enthusiast and I can find no fault. 4.8
best csar I have ever bought and ive had e few 4.8
My car is comfortable, reliable, economical and spacious. It is a real work horse and with the back seats folded down it is amassing how much you can get in it - the boot space is excellent as well. I have had it coming up 8 years now and it is still as good as it was when I first got it. 4.8
It just does everything very well. You cannot ask for any more 4.8
Wonderful car.  Now on my second 4.8
Fantastic car to drive - great acceleration, speedy so need to watch speedometer!! Excellent braking power. Pleasure to drive. Roomy interior and spacious boot space. 4.8
excellent car.. the semi automatic (DSG) is fantastically responsive in either mode.. never had a problem with the car but hey.. thats vw for you 4.8
great car bt anew golf 4.8
An excellent around car. Very safe 4.8
Would have bought another if they hadn't changed to the mk7 which I don't think looks as good, that's only my personal opinion though, changed the golf for an A4 Audi, If I could have taken the Audi back in return for my Golf I would have done, totally different cars but the Mk6 GTD golf was a supurb car. 4.8
My third Golf and all been great 4.8
Love my golf  Originally bought to go to and from work ..60mile round trip.. No problem  In the winter , take it easy never thought " I need a 4X4" and I live in N.E Scotland . 4.8
excellent car alround 4.8
I have the GT Sport with the 2.0 diesel engine producing 140bhp. Plenty of power, together with the wider alloys means plenty of grip in bends. Therefore I would rate it a more exciting model than say a standard Golf . It also benefits from a full leather interior with heated seats - a must for leather on a cold winters morning.  The best thing about the Golf is the overall package. Maybe not fantastic in any one department, but the overall package is very hard to beat. I have considered replacing, but with what. Probably another Golf, this time I being tempted by the present GTi rather than the GTD model. Only reliability issue was when gearbox blew up! It was replaced under warranty. But rumour has it, this was a fault VW knew about and I feel should have done a recall.  4.8
A Beautifully sturdy & luxurious drive! hugs the road & makes you feel very safe even at a fast speed. Quality workmanship that you don't find in the 'cheaper' cars!  WARNING: Once driven/owned, you will be spoilt & find anything of lesser quality completely inferior! 4.8
Wonderful car I had three, and was always more than satisfied with all. very reliable, and always exciting to drive, I do miss having one 4.8
It's powerful for 170bhp and considering it still has excellent fuel economy.  4.8
Superb fun, corners flat, can do 50mpg and can still win off the line at the traffic lights - rock solid German build quality even after 140K  4.8
brilliant car 4.8
Absolutely love the car, cannot rate it highly enough. 4.8
I feel safe driving it; it's a solid car. And I have trust that it won't leave me stranded at the side of the road.  4.8
Golf gt sport 2.0L tdi was fantastic  to drive. Very comfy, economical, and a pleasure to own. Mileage was getting high so I traded for scirocco 4.8
It's a fun car to drive with lots of usable gadgets. As I use it for short distances through work it has an effect on fuel consumption, but I would recommend this car to anyone, young or old 4.8
Best car I've ever owned. 4.8
Previously owned a mini cooper (2001) and thought I really loved that but the Golf knocks the spots off it. In fact don't want to ever drive anything else. 4.8
Had the car from new for 6 years (50,000 approx miles), no problems. 4.8
Great car all round  4.8
Brill car 4.8
Great car, recommend the car to anyone, low insurance group, fuel economy, great to drive, reliable etc...  4.8
Love this variant of the golf, fun to drive, watches the pennies on the fuel bill and still does the boring bits like ferrying the kids around and popping to the supermarket. 4.8
Love this variant of the golf, fun to drive, watches the pennies on the fuel bill and still does the boring bits like ferrying the kids around and popping to the supermarket. 4.8
Great car! 4.8
very fast and fun to drive, gives good mileage, comfortable drive 4.8
Great car super fast for a diesel 4.8
Even the parts from vw themselves are normally cheaper than a after market shop  4.8
I had this car for 9 years and I actually miss it, it fitted all my requirements and only age made me change. 4.8
Great car to drive With plenty of power to get up any incline 4.8
fuel consumption is excellent 4.8
Fast, economical, well made and engaging to drive. This is my fifth Golf of all versions, and all have been well designed and solidly built. I have owned the fast and furious (and expensive to run!) VR6 and the sublime Mk2 16v. The 2.0 TDi engine in the Mk5 is the best balance of all that I have owned, almost as fast as the VR6 with a much better handling and massively better fuel consumption (often nearly 50mpg as opposed to 18mpg in the Mk3 VR6. If you can, go for a version with the comfort pack (auto lights, auto dip mirror and leather interior (as mine has!). I've had a few issues, mainly plastic corrosion on the headlight lenses, a stupid failure of a flap in the inlet manifold that does virtually nothing but costs ?500 to replace (I haven't) but gives me a Warning - Emissions - Workshop! every time I start the car. Bought at 90k miles, now on 148k, still smiling!  4.8
Bought from new I now plan to keep it until it drops which could be a long time. So long as it has a regular service, change of air filter and oil, the Golf will never let you down. Lets face it cars are a waste of money but I reckon by the time my golf falls to bits I will have more than had my money's worth out of it.  4.8
nippy and stylish 4.8
The best car I have ever had. Can't give it five hearts for comfort as it has sports suspension.  I feel safe in this car. It is fast but sticks to the road like glue. A great car to drive.  4.8
Top car will definitely buy VW next. 4.8
by far the best car i have ever owned,i have recently part ex it for a new honda jazz to my regret. the only problem with the golf was the expence of the serviceing i decided to p/x because the golf was due a major service,brakes all round,timing belt and dsg oil change + tyres at a cost of well over 2000 pounds. should have p/x for an other golf dsg or the fabia vrs. 4.8
Best car ive ever had  4.8
2007 1986cc TDI 170 hp golf fantastic car for performance and reliability insurance is reasonable too 4.8
I am now on my 3rd VW Golf.  They are reliable, comfy and perfectly easy to drive and park. 4.8
Excellent car ticks all the boxes 4.8
Best of the German cars for the money  4.8
The MkV SDI is economical, comfy and looks great. Suitable for man/woman and teenanger/OAP and everything in between.  This car has never let me down. 4.8
great reliable vehicle, great fuel economy, nice & comfy ride,  but a bit sluggish uphill on pull off. other than that this is a fun car to own :) 4.8
I love my car and wouldnt change it for anything.  4.8
Lovely smooth and safe feeling driving.  Very economical traveling. I have always been able to get no less than 650 miles per tank of fuel and sometimes more. Travelled from East Yorkshire to Scotland in 3/4 of tank.  Would not own any other make of vehicle. 4.8
I love my Golf.  It is masculine in the sense of being strong, and courteous in the way that its lights stay on while I walk to my front door.   It makes me feel safe as a female driver, e.g. when driving in areas without mobile phone signal, at night etc.  My only guilt springs from the fact that I didn't buy one for my daughter too.       4.8
Great Car 4.8
Great alround car. Good towing vehicle, use it for business and pleasure. Well build, and solid as a rock, 6 Airbags, ESP,ABS, Tracktion Control, a car you can trust.   4.8
Has never broken down on me, very comfortable to drive and also great for fuel efficiency. 4.8
Lovely car never had a major problem would buy another definately 4.8
Love my golf. Will upgrade to another golf 4.8
I love my car so much I don't want to part with it. I know it's old now ( 180000 on the clock but still going strong). I know should change it but I feel a sense of loyalty and am finding it difficult to let it go.  Will I buy a golf again most probably. 4.8
Smashing car.  Had no trouble with it.  Very comfortable especially for long journeys.   4.8
I love my golf. I've had it 4 years and it's never let me down. It does 50  miles to the gallon round town and 60 on a run. Parts are relatively cheap. I've just put new front pads on it for ?15 including sensors. I love the looks of it and it's admired by many. (When it's clean!) they are not the cheapest to buy but definitely worth the money. Good residuals too. 4.8
THIS IS THE BEST CAR I HAVE OWNED  IT IS  THE 140BHP VARIANT IF DRIVEN FRUGALLY IT RETURNS 55MPG 4.8
Best car for pure driving.trim on sport model is basic, but the drive experience makes up for it. 4.8
I love my golf 4.8
MY FIRST GOLF WAS SO GOOD AND RELIABLE I WENT AND BOUGHT A NEW ONE 4.8
Loved my golf and serious miss it 4.8
Great car. Very reliable. 4.8
Seats could be improved, also Sat Navigation Europe should be fitted as standard 4.8
A great car to drive 4.8
mine was the automatic version so a little heavier on fuel. but its german engineering what else is there to say. 4.8
So far best car I ever had 4.8
golf 2.0 gti 4.8
The heavy engine is slung too low, any large bumps etc, can cause the sump to be damaged.also I feel that this affects the handling. 4.8
For the price you can get one of these for nowadays with the performance, economy, build quality and reliability there really isn't much out there that can match it.  4.8
I have loved having my Golf for 11 years, have just ordered the new Golf GTE for delivery in May but will be very sad to see my current Golf go.  4.8
Shame to see it go, circumstances forced sale. 4.8
Good condition 4.8
A great car that we would highly recommend to anybody! 4.8
Best car l ever owned.....230,000 miles on the clock when l part exchanged it and still superb handling, responsive and economical to run 4.8
Best car performance in 2013 4.8
Had my golf GTTDI for 12years never ever let me down best car I have ever owned  4.8
Awesome 4.8
Best car I ever had in the price range.60++ to the gallon,no problem 70/80 mph comfortable cruise. 4.8
Excellent vehicle... 4.8
 Fantastic vehicle, would definitely purchase another Golf. 4.8
Love this car! 4.8
awesome car very good drive fuel economy is unbelievable and its pretty quick for a diesel highly recomend to anyone 4.8
had this car 10 years and its never let me down - maybe i shouldnt say that - looked after it very well, serviced regularly etc etc - brilliant  4.8
Best car we ever had 4.8
Top quality wouldn't have anything else now 4.8
Brilliant! I love my Golf. 4.8
My vw has never let me down and I do lots of miles in it. The fuel economy is fantastic.   4.8
It makes me feel safe and I know I can rely on it. 4.8
Now done 164000 miles, just sailed through MOT, does 45--50 MPG day in day out, been a great car. 4.8
Good reliable car. Would have another one. 4.8
Powerful but economical. Fun car to drive.  4.8
Great cars to drive, VW do a free safety check when you take it in for service and other types of work. 4.8
great car and lots,room,love the colours 4.8
Fab to drive great speed power on motoryway would recommend to anyone getting a new car to test drive a golf very reliable and comfy :-) 4.8
Bought new, 145,000 trouble-free miles. Good driving position. Strong engine but very economical. Just needed more space for expanding family. Great car.  4.8
my car is gttdi version with six speed gearbox very nippy and economical average 65mpg on my daily commute 4.8
My golf gt tdi has been a tremendous buy ,expensive too start with ,but after 13 years  great value for money.This years MOT (2013) cost ?1 for a light bulb.Quality usually always wins. 4.8
Fantastic for long journeys, and very economical! Great car all round.  4.8
This is a 115bhp gti tdi,great car to drive,cost me ?1 to get through a recent MOT(light bulb).13 years old,always serviced annually.Love my car 4.8
I have had 4 of them and no matter the mileage (150k+ so long as they are serviced when needed and timing belt/water pump replaced more or less bullet proof)  they are still reliable and get good fuel economy. Although the PD engine is good the older mechanical pump TDI 1.9 engine is better (IMO) all be it noisier, seen them on 300k miles and still going. Just trying to say although you are buying an older car it may not be as unreliable as you think if you find one with FSH. 4.8
Great little car, Fun and robust, good fuel economy. We have bought another one! 4.8
Great car, love to own a brand new model. 4.8
VW CARS ARE FANTASTIC! Such an enjoyable and comfortable drive.  Reliable and high performance. Always been pleased with my GOLF.  Love the new mark 7!!! 4.8
Fab reliable fast stylish classic car!  4.8
We found it to be a very solid reliable comfortable car 4.8
The golf estate was the best and most relieble car i have ever owned.I bought the golf at 36,000 miles and went on to exceed 136,000 over a six year period only replacing tyres and a part of the exhaust system. I am pleased to that i have just taken delivery of a new VW golf SE estate 2.0 l diesel through Lex autoleasing. VN62 RKA. Best car ever. 4.8
I've had my VW 1.9TDI Golf Hatchback a few years now and all I can say about it, is that it's "My Baby"....just gone over the 200,000 miles & still runs like a dream! good job really as I could not afford to replace it! not that i'd want to see it gone!! I LOVE my car :) 4.8
Ticks every box. Stylish, comfortable, powerful, handles well, loads of technology and reasonable to run. Fuel economy, if gentle, 38mpg, normally 29mpg, that's round the doors. If I'd wNted economy, I'd have got the GTD..... Can't fault it for a 230bhp car. 4.8
My Mk7 GTi returns 45 mpg at 70 mph on Motorways like M5 etc and in town about 36 to 38 . She is comfy , quick when I want her to be and looks Fantastic when clean!. It is relaxing with the DSG gearbox, no lag when I change gear to overtake and the power tho not as much as some is enough to have fun. Really worth considering before choosing a Motor. 4.8
Moved the car on sadly. Needed a bigger car so plumbed for a passet estate. Good Car but compared to the golf old technology. 4.8
As it's a V W it works like a V W. 4.8
Fantastic car, Volkswagen make really good reliable cars this is my second having had a polo before and now the Golf, it is so nice and fun to drive. You can also trust that it will protect you well if the worse should happen. 4.8
Love the mark6 looking forward to placing order for latest model ASAP. Yes dealer support (dartford) can be poor and frustrating but hopefully you ll never need it and the car is a dream to drive 4.8
Fantastic,  all the car you will ever need The GTI Performance  4.8
all round great car 4.8
new golf 1.4 has much more power 4.8
Superb car, very reliable, brilliant drive  4.8
R 2.0 TSI 4.8
A bit heavy on the petrol  4.8
The best Golf i have driven and own. A VW Golf fan for 30 years since MK1  !!   If everything in life is as reliable as the Golf......   4.8
speaks for itself 4.8
First class all round  , on my 3rd golf 4.8
We found our Golf a lovely car and would suit any up and coming family  4.8
Best car I've ever owned. Very nice comfortable car to drive. Feel very safe driving it around town and along the motorway. Would definitely get another. 4.8
well built, reliable car that does what it is said to do. 4.8
This R32 is a great car, we changed an Audi A8 for the R32 Golf and don't miss the Audi. We are very sorry they are no longer making this model!! 4.8
this car was fantastic! 4.8
It`s so reliable - you feel safe driving it.  It has a good sized boot - great for families and, let`s face it - it`s stylish and sporty looking!!!! 4.8
i did not own this car i had a 2 ltr sport so my review is for that car 4.8
I use ?40.00  petrol in 10 day working as a community nurse 4.8
I love this car and would only drive a Golf which are just the best!!! 4.8
I love the vw golf. It's a great car for reliability and smooth to drive. 4.8
I have marked down the fuel economy as I chose a 1.6 petrol engine for performance rather than economy.  I know there are more economical versions of this car available hence the dropped mark in this category. 4.8
My car is absolutely brilliant, very reliable and exciting to drive. Real pleasure to have, love it  4.8
The ultimate Golf... 4.8
my 120 th  approx. Golf is in the Garage  4.8
I love my Golf GTI. Wouldn't drive anything else. 4.8
Best car in class simple  4.8
I have always been very pleased with my Golf GTI, it is both practical, sporty and a joy to drive. 4.8
I had a MKV GTI and it's soooo much fun to drive! You might think that being a German hatchback it may be heavy and roll around quite a bit, but that's far from the truth! I took my GTI on trackdays and it performed brilliantly! Easily matches other hot hatches in it's era and would give current ones a run for their money round a track too!  Build quality is typical German - very nice! Reliability is superb, can't fault it at all!  There is one somewhat common issue with the MKV Golf, and that's rust. VW are aware that rust may form on the wheel arches and will repair them if they are original paint. However, if your car has done quite a few miles and is getting old, VW will repair it for free but will instead give you a discount on the overall cost. I had mine checked and it was going to cost me ?450 for both wheel arches! That was with a 50% discount on a car that's done 113,000 miles as a 55 plate. 4.8
Im in love with my car 4.8
I have the mis-fortune of being disabled. This is the ideal car, it has ample leg room and getting in + out of the car is easy. The 7 gear automatic gearbox is superb. The smoothest gearchange I have ever experienced. 4.8
All good, great car and a pleasure to drive. 4.8
Best hatchback ever. I have had 7 Golfs, the last 2 being a mk3 gti and a mmk 5 gti, superb motors. 4.8
there are some hot hatches that may be faster or cheaper but the golf gti is the best all round and everyone should make it one of their things to do in life, own a golf gti. 4.8
The best vw golf gti is the mark 5. A great car which is exciting and comfy to drive with very good reliability. 4.8
The power, the look, the comfort, the prestige are ALL first class ! The V6 purr is second to none !  4.8
I will never part with this remarkable little car 4.8
Nice cars good drive well worth then price  4.8
Awesome 4.8
The best car I have  had 4.8
I do lots of short journeys in my Golf, the occasional 400 mile round trip to visit my stepson and altho usually only me in the car, have been known to carry 4 adults, a wheelchair, zimmer frame and excitable Springer Spaniel. I can honestly say this 08 Golf is the best and most economical car i've ever owned, am saving approx ?10 a week on fuel compared to my previous Peugeot 306.  4.8
The car is very comfortable to drive being a 1.4 liter engine it bridge the gap with driving slowly around town and travelling on far journeys at a comfortable speed on the motor way. The chassis and suspension ride is nice when travelling on a bumpy road. Most economic car in my opinion     4.8
Probably one of the best cars I've ever owned. Very fast but very comfortable. The auto gearbox is an absolute gem. Usual bomb-proof build quality, very handsome car (better looking than the current MK6 Golf which we own). Highly recommended! 4.8
I loved the car but it just wasn't practical for my lifestyle anymore!  Needed more room for 2 dogs! 4.8
Cheapest to run and most reliable car I have ever had 4.8
Fantastic comfy drive reliable  4.8
I love my car 4.8
I Love my Golf....  4.8
The best car I've ever had.  Reliable and very comfortable but a little costly on fuel. For the 2 litre petrol model.  I would strongly recommend it to other drivers 4.8
I have owned the Golf MkV Diesel Estate for 3 years and found it to be totally reliable, very comfortable and also very economic to run. With VW servicing as low as a ?100 and MPG at up to 61, it dont come much better than that!!! 4.8
A Great family car 4.8
Beautiful car 4.8
The perfect multi-function car - used for business, transporting the family of taking rubbish to the local recycling plant the Golf is a great little car. All the reliability of a VW at a very affordable price with low running costs. Recommended every time! 4.8
Never a let down, a joy to drive 4.8
I love it and would like to be in a position to update myVW Golf 4.8
Best car ever :-) 4.8
One of the best all round value cars!! 4.8
Vr6 and 4 motion top end models have great performance and less economy. But you can't have both.! Excellent reliability and build quality. Safety marvellous and overall design well engineered.  4.8
I have had this car 10 years and it has never let me down.  It drives well, sounds great and has been a really good car to own. 4.8
My Volkswagen is excellent it is comfortable as I can drive any distance and dont feel tired, the door closes perfect not tinny,it is very economical and still has the power to suit any driver young or older. I will never buy another brand of vehicle. 4.8
Love a golf there befo my weak spot when it comes to cars 4.8
The golf that I had was a lovely car it was an all year round car and even that it was petrol fuelled  it still was sufficient and good on insurance. I had the car for 9 years and now was on its last legs. Sad to see it gone. :( 4.8
The best car you'll ever own!  4.8
I can live without my husband but not my golf. It's more reliable than my husband lol 4.8
I think that the vw golf is a very good car and is economic that suits everyone, I think that their are not much cars as the vw as this car has all in one 4.8
FANTASTIC car.  ONLY car I have ever kept for more then 3 years and haven;t got bored with!  Have now had it for 11 years and have recently bought a second car which is only 2 years old BUT still prefer the Golf for the solid drive, reliability, feel, class everything about it!!!  It is just lovely to drive, smooth, reliable, goes excellently and leaves others standing.   Try one out if unsure - As long as it's been looked after you won't be disappointed!  4.8
Solid, reliable purchase, comfortable with sports suspension direct steering and able to cope well with UK roads. Granted not the most exciting car on the road, but having driven VWs for almost 30 years, I don't know where the score 2.83 out of 5 for any model in the VW range came from? 4.8
Great looking and always fun too drive 4.8
I love my car! 4.8
great golf v5 2.3 . 4.8
Fully up to the standards expected from VW. I only gave four stars under "exciting" because the 5 star quality provided was not unexpected which diluted the level of excitement. 4.8
Sorry, it's winding down now, but has had excellent service, solid, heavy and reliable on the road Would love to keep it forever. 4.8
Best car ever owned 4.8
Best Car i have had !!! 4.8
Awesome 4.8
Love the VW Golf and would struggle to drive anything other than this car, although I do enjoy the Skoda Fabia Monte Carlo which is more or less a golf anyway! 4.8
Great all-round car , practical , reliable , great to drive. 4.8
excellent car. great to drive 4.8
my car has the vicaro seats which are very comfortable but dont know if these are standard issue 4.8
Never had a problem with my golf. Easy car to do bits to yourself and easy to service yourself. All round great car, built to survive! 4.8
Brilliant car  4.8
golf turbo gti, 20valve, low mileage, love this car, don't want to sell, had it 7 years, finance dictates. 4.8
Excellemt car.I have one. 4.8
Excellemt car.I have one. 4.8
Superb, great build quality. 4.8
I bought my car when it had 19,000miles on it, its now got 80,091 and it has never ever let me down or cost me any money apart from oil filters and fresh oil every 5,000 miles 4.8
Most reliable car ever  4.8
I have owned 4 golfs and would mos definitely buy another.... 4.8
cant beat a golf. fact 4.8
My much-loved 40th birthday present Golf GTI is still a valued member of our family today, 12 years on.  Unfortunately, a careless lorrycab driver tried to write her off, but failed.  Any other car, it would have been a different story.  Currently still in the workshop, but looking forward to welcoming her home soon! 4.8
Ive a golf v6 best golf ive had  4.8
Brilliant car, I had a jap before this and loved that, then I bought this golf and I wouldn't go back. It never gets boring, always puts a smile on my face. It handles perfectly, the interior is really comfy, never had any problems with it - really reliable. If you're driving long distances go for the diesel, mine is a petrol and ideal for the journeys I do, whereas long journeys a diesel would be more suited. I can't say anything bad about this car, I will be defiantly keeping this for a long time. 4.8
I loved to drive this car. It was reliable and I would recommed it. 4.8
I had my golf for. 6years and I must say I enjoyed every minuet of driving it I would recommend a golf to everyone I know a quality car well built and safe to drive in I will be getting an upto date one in the new year   4.8
Had mark 2, 3 and now 4 GTI. All been excellent reliable cars!  4.8
know   4.8
I owned the 8v version of these cars for 3 years in which I absolutely hammered it. During that time I made no effort to look after and keep it well maintained. I was doing regular 300 mile trips blasting it down the motorways at the weekends. I covered 75,000 in this car without any problems. When I came to get rid of it the car had covered 180,000 miles and was 12 years old, the engine was misfiring on one of the cylinders. I tried a few quick simple fixes to solve the problem but then decided to get rid as a fancied something different and was worried it was going to be expensive to fix. Parts are widely available so if you shop around you can get them fairly cheap. But you shouldn?t have many problems they?re a well-built car. Just make sure you change the oil every year I think that was the cause of mine failing in the end. The only other issue I had with mine was the clutch linkage came lose once, and I was always having to get the brake pipes replaced for it?s MOT but I think the garages where having me on with that one. Great car I?d love one of these again!  4.8
The VW golf I owned for 10 years was extremely reliable and excellent to drive.  It always passed the MOT and had no major issues.  I part-exchanged it for a brand new Golf in October 2010.  Another excellent car. 4.8
great car as a whole as a first car or other. great on fuel and just a great car to drive 4.8
This car is my baby. I hav one of the best and reliable car ever made.  4.8
I love my golf cab :-) I had an older golf cab previously and naturally wanted a newer version as mine was 15yrs old. The new one is more economical but it depends how you drive it . 4.7
solid and reliable car with A LOT OF FINESSE 4.7
This is a fantastic, economical and nippy car. I love it for all the school runs, etc that I do, averaging about 500 miles per week! My other car is a Landrover which I totally love but is a very thirsty car and not nearly as easy to park, but much more comfortable on long journeys. 4.7
Love my car, it's never let me down 4.7
 I never liked VW before but my 2010 vw golf estate diesel 1.9 blue motion has changed my mind. The only thing that I have against it "looks very basic and boring" but great to drive, excellent MPG. If you are carefull and sensible in driving then on highways it can easily does over 60 miles per gallon. I have had mine for over six months and has over 120,000 miles on the clock but never had any problems with it.  4.7
low mileage new tyres 4.7
The only negative is that there is a transmission whine and would recommened reversing car alarm. On the motorway snap into the overdrive like you are in a safe train  4.7
Now covered 110,000 miles, and was well worth repair after a recent insurance "write-off". After 60 years of driving, my wife & I find this one of the best. It has powerful acceleration for safer overtaking, good towing ability for our trailer-tent, and still does up to 63 mpg on long runs (in the summer; a bit less in winter). Good load capacity, but at the expense of legroom in rear seats. This great car will possibly last us the remainder of our driving years! 4.7
always bought Fiestas wish id bought a golf years ago 4.7
Im now on my third golf. This one is the best. If you are thinking of changing your car from a golf to whatever my advice is DONT. Buy another Golf. 4.7
very economical mid 50 even on short journeys. Very good handling car and have experienced no mechanical or electrical problems. 4.7
The 7 speed DSG is amazingly smooth and provides excellent acceleration especially up to 50 mph when it runs through the gears with the engine on max torque.   I recently got 60.5 mpg on a return trip to Northumberland,   and get 45 mpg running round town.   I very much doubt a hybrid would get near that although paying less tax. 4.7
A good family car. Plenty of toys and even better if it has front and rear parking sensors.  Very economical. official combined is 60 ish but I can get 66 no problem and even got 71 on a gentle run.  Well built and minimal tyre wear. 4.7
I love this golf - really nice to drive 4.7
Best all round car I have ever owned only let down by conservative looks. 4.7
fantastic cars have bought five new gt tdis since 2002 now  have170  gt sport with dsg gearbox would not have anything  different. 4.7
My seventh Golf from Mark 1 through to mark 6, the car has just got better and better over the years. I will now update to a mark 7. 4.7
Best car I,ve owned so far. At 47,000 miles it drives as good as if not better than new. 4.7
Love it 4.7
Fantastic reliable economic car!! 4.7
Fast and frugal, I average 61.8 mpg on daily commute of 22 miles each way. 4.7
very economical car very  very reliable TDI S 5 DOOR October 2009 31,000 miles     4.7
Managed 62mpg on my 11 mile comute this morning, in the rain with lights, fan, wipers on. Cant complain at that. Its not allways that good. Start to pedal hard and its more 50-55 4.7
Great car, with proven reliability and strong resale value. A winner. 4.7
there 1.6 TDI Match 5 door is great!  if you want to drive it hard it goes like a much larger engined car, if you want economy i usually get 65 - 73 mpg? its great!   4.7
Excellent car, but my 1.6 TDI engine does not do justice to the Golf's very many other qualities.  Wish I had a larger engine. 4.7
as a lady in my late 50s I want a car that is comfortable and reliable and my golf fits the bill perfectly - I love it and would happily replace it with another when the time comes 4.7
Excellent car, bought another one but newer, expect to buy another golf after this one. 65mpg on average over tank full. Cheap to run. 4.7
My dog is very happy in it when I take her for walks. Used to put her on the back seats, with a cover but now put her in the boot. She enjoys looking out from the rear window.  I also love the car which is a pleasure to drive. 4.7
Its awsum 4.7
Beige leather interior to be fair makes a huge difference to the somewhat standard VW boring black colours. 4.7
A smart drive. 4.7
Apart from the hefty service bill.  I still love my Golf. 4.7
This car ticks most of the boxes for a small family car. I'm missing the 140 bhp I had in my Mk5.  Sturdy, well-made, comfortable, roomy, reliable, economical and secure feel.    4.7
Brill car to drive but wanted auto so now got gtd golf 4.7
Wouldn't change it for any other marque! 4.7
Not the most exciting drive, but the one you would prefer on a long journey because it doesn't tire you, and the Match spec equals kit found in higher  priced brands. 4.7
I drive a vw golf tdi 2008  it is a very good car 4.7
good build quality excellent features but preferred a clone in the Seat Toledo 4.7
safe,secure ,reliable and very very economical, annual road tax ?30..win win. 4.7
Can't really fault it.. 4.7
Built with safety in mind, a thoroughly dependable and economic car 4.7
Great 4.7
Very reliable and comfortable - despite what some people say it is very economical, responsive on acceleration with amazing boot space and access, easy to park.  What more do you want. 4.7
Golf mk 4 gttdi great performance good relaliabilty  4.7
My car is the best golf have had I wanna sell it so I can hav the latest one. 4.7
Fantastic car. You get what you pay for. Excellence.  4.7
Golf 2.0L TDI 140 BHP very fast and economical for a 2.0L 4.7
I love this car and it was an upgrade to the last golf I had. I will probably never change. I did test drive other makes and models but nothing compares and *touch wood* in the 6+ years I've had a golf I have never had to have anything fixed or looked at and flys through MOT Everytime  4.7
Grips the road well, very comfortable, feels safe and overall a great car! 4.7
Fantastic car, smooth, easy to drive, reliable & economic.  Now over two years old, the only issues have been with "software upgrades" sorted out in warranty. Big enough for my family of 4 & I get 55-60 mpg regularily on a mixture of motorway & town runs. 4.7
Lovely car to drive and very economical to run with always over 60mpg 4.7
love my car. economical to run, comfy to drive cheap to tax.one of the best cars ive owned. 4.7
I have the 2.0 litre Bluemotion - every bit as good as my previous 2.0 TDi Sport. Economy great on runs [60+ mpg] but about half that on short runs around town. 4.7
Best VW I have ever owned and this one is my fifth!! 4.7
Super car. Will buy another one  4.7
a good all round car class less classic in the making 4.7
very good on fuel, must be a 2ltr engine , and 170 bhp. i got 55/60. mpg all the time.for a small car would not buy anything else. it is our 6th golf, and they are still improving. 4.7
Great car no complaints. Value for money 4.7
Good reliable family car with all the "extras" you want included as standard. 4.7
Great car for reliability and comfort - with a regular service it's the car that keeps on giving ! 4.7
Not the cheapest diesel hatchback but one of the best, you can rely on a Golf! 4.7
This was an excellent car - a GTD (which was not available in 2007) in all but the trimmings. It was replaced by a GTD in 2010, after eating up over 50k miles. 4.7
A great car.  4.7
a good reliable exiting car. 4.7
The golf is a great machine and a great part of modern engineering. The seamless changes with the DSG box is fantastic, although fuel economy is better in the manual, there is a great sensation roaming the hills with the DSG as the changes are seamless and you can keep the car in the torque range while shifting yourself.  The comfort is great up front with the leather Recaros and they hold you in tight round every bend, the back seats however are not bad, but could be softer, seem to firm. Boot space is more than enough for myself and partner (Until she loads up her holiday gear, lets face it, we all have that problem haha). Also the heated seats in winter work a treat.  The sound system capable of handling MP3 cd's is one of the best standard sounds systems i have come across, unless however you're in a executive model.  The reliability is fantastic, I have only replaced tyres since purchasing the car almost three years ago, the MOT's have flown in, and not one hick-up or advisory. I keep it serviced as per the intervals and it runs smoothly every time I turn the key.  One mod I have carried out is the standard cruise control which I had VW supply and fit, this is a great upgrade for long journeys.  Exciting to drive??? Yes, yes it is, On a long journey the seats are comfy and a long journey is a long journey, but when scouring through the valleys and windy roads of the Scottish highlands, the car comes into it's own. The DSG box makes the car even more exciting as you blast past the sights and glorious views. The non standard grill from the factory with the GTSport logo on it and the rare alloys made for this model make the car stand out and it has a nice stance, however the models without the rear mudflaps, make it look more standard and boring. It's the small things that make it different and exciting.   This is why I got my GT Sport, by accident really. I had a GT TDI mk4 model and saw this at the dealer during a service, quickly drove it and cancel 4.7
Marvellous car: practical, sporty,ecomical,great spec and very comfortable. 4.7
I would buy another golf tomorrow I have always enjoyed driving the car and love it's versatility 4.7
Turbo's can be a problem even with low miles 4.7
still a great car 4.7
its a very good car drive in the city and the motorway too  4.7
Good performance and handling with excellent fuel economy for performance.  Has required  a few more visits to garage than previous Golfs.  Strongly recommend this model - Golf GT TDI . 4.7
Perfect car 4.7
Good all round hatchback! It is after all a Golf! 4.7
Went to N. Devon recently M1 M69 M5. Return journey M5 M6 M42 A42 M1. As you can see this entailed a lot of motorway driving for which I sat at 80mph as it simply purrs at that speed. Filled up before I left, covered 693 miles and when I got back it still hadn't reached the reserve so I would call that pretty good fuel consumption. 4.7
An excellent, superbly reliable car with a punchy engine and plenty of options. I never had a moment's trouble with mine over 2 years and traded it in for (you guessed it) another Golf. Not the most exciting car out there but if you are looking for faultless performance and excellent quality build then you really can't go wrong with a Golf! 4.7
This has been a cracking car to own. It has never let us down and is a true all-rounder. We have the 140bhp GT model which returns excellent mpg and plenty of poke when you need it. Brilliant.  4.7
This is the best car I have owned so far!! Very reliable, keeps me going all the time... Very exciting all the time. Being a diesel engine it goes on an on...!! If you look after your car... It will look after you... Really great car... VW is the best 4.7
I am 82 years old and have lost count of the number of VW's I have had over the years.   Of least, at least 7 or 8 have been Golfs and can honestly say have never been let down by any of them.   Reliability is built into every model, 4.7
I love my golf,I will be buying another one this year,I would recommend a golf to everybody. 4.7
Fantastic car. Great to drive and very reliable. 4.7
I had not intended to buy this car but it had just arrived on the forecourt when I had popped in to compare prices. It had only one owner from new with 5000 miles in nearly 2 years. It has a full spec with leather seats and as it is proving to be very reliable and economic, I see no reason why I will not consider keeping for years to come. It has now reached almost 38000 miles.  4.7
Problems have been sensors not the real bits of the car. great to drive, lots of fun, very fast and economical for a 175 rocket. 4.7
These cars offer an exciting and exilerating driving experience. We love them so much and have one each ! Highly recommend having the DSG gearbox version...changes gear quicker than the human hand ! ( 20 ms ).   4.7
I know that I should trade my car in because the mileage is creeping up but I love it. It's reliable, comfortable and when you put your foot down it really goes. 4.7
Gt Tdi 170 bhp is a brilliant responsive and fast car .  What they say about golfs is true as this is my 1st and I am very happy with all of it .  4.7
Excellent car  fro VW group is superb  4.7
Poor dsg would be nervous about buying another one. 4.7
Great car! 4.7
Very good car 4.7
After havin two golfs previously to this one , I still wouldn't have anything else. I have owned the car for five years now and haven't had a single problem with it. The ride the build the quality to it is second to none. I will carry on buying buyin vw cars due to the piece of mind that owning one you can be sure it will never let you down. 4.7
Very reliable car  4.7
Great car don't think I will ever buy anything else than a golf. Would recommend to anyone else to at least test drive one. One downside is the price for parts but they last and you get what you for I suppose. 4.7
I loved this car... The only reason I don't have it anymore is because I traded it for an upgrade - I now have a newer Golf! Couldn't bring myself to get another make or model - Love this car - new let me down! 4.7
Its great car 4.7
Boring but Brilliant 4.7
Feels solid and safe, relatively cheap to rum yet still has acceleration when you need it. Great car. 4.7
The car was bought on retirement for towing our caravan towed very well only reason for selling was to change to automatic so my wife could keep driving  4.7
Love my car, I don't want to replace it 4.7
My wife and I love vw and find the range offered by them to have superior build quality and reliability. We would heartily recommend this car. 4.7
Liked the car but two very expensive repair bills for turbo and gearbox not good 4.7
great car, my best car yet during my driving life. 4.7
I have had my 05 Golf 1.9 Tdi for 6 months now and I am very happy with it. It has a good balance of performance and economy, drives and handles well, and is comfortable. I would recommend this car. 4.7
Most reliable car i have ever owned, hasn't broken down once in 128,000 miles of driving. 4.7
Wanna buy it for 10 grand ?  4.7
what a wonderful car. I have had it for 6 years and still cannot part with it  4.7
great car ,never lets me down, unlike the wife !!! 4.7
when I got car first a few problems appeared mainly with warning lights on dash now all fixed battery was the problem going great now 4.7
On my 4th Golff now. Would not consider anything else. 4.7
A great car representing great motoring 4.7
Excellent and reliable with great fuel economy. 4.7
comfortable, reliable and plenty of power even when fully loaded. Very good in the snow. Al round excellent car 4.7
The best car I have ever owned. I will definitely be replacing it with another Golf when this one dies.  4.7
fantanstic car for my business use  from 6000 miles to 166k miles when traded in. Not a single problem with any item of the car.   4.7
I miss that car! 4.7
great reliable car that still looks good at 9 years old 4.7
I've had a number of makes of cars over the years, and always had problems until 8 years ago I got my first Volkswagen which has never let me down the most reliable car I have owned . The only way I could improve anything was to add a bit of class so 4 years ago I got the Volkswagen Golf and there's no looking back now. 4.7
great car but not very exciting to drive as it only had 75bhp. comfortable and very reliable 4.7
reliable roomy cheap to run, 1.9 cheap to tax 4.7
It is the only car  I have owned for over 2 yrs (now into my 4th yr with it!) and I still love sriving it as I did the first day I drove it, you can't beat a VW :) 4.7
Just drove a Mk 5 for 7 years until this week. Nearly 200,000 miles later & no complaints at all, I hope the new car is even half as good!  4.7
I bought this car in 2002. It had 2.500 miles on it. When i sold it, it had 153,000!! Great car. It's still going strong.You need to give it a thrash now & again, because my Turbo blew at 60.000, & it cost me ?1,400 to fix. 4.7
Quick car and good on fuel around 50+ mpg on a run  4.7
lovely looking inside and out. CD player, 17" alloys, looks the part as well as doing its part. great feel of the car, the good old fashion road through the wheel ( feel the core of the car, and the movement and surface of the road!) love this car!! 4.7
A great car to own/drive. My 5 door 1.9 SDI performs well in the city & good on the motorway. Fantastic solid & safe feel when in it & on the road. Mine is neither glamourous or over the top in comfort, but it is solid & reliable.?? 4.7
Had my golf 4 years and never had any real issues.  Great car to drive, very comfortable and lots of power. 4.7
Good looking car, plenty of acceleration, reliable.  I always looked forward to driving it which I did on a daily basis. 4.7
Most reliable car I ever had 4.7
Fantastic car 4.7
Always reliable, my trusty car, solid and safe, and most of all economics with very good size of car 4.7
I've owned many Golfs and the current one for nearly 2 years, never let me done (hope I'm not tempting fate here!), looks and drives great considering it's on 134,000 miles. I'd recommend the 130 GT TDi especially for the perfect combination of performance from the torque-y engine and 45-50mpg economy. 4.7
comfortable, reliable, cheap to maintain low car tax, great fuel economy, a great car, recommend without hesitation. 4.7
Really pleased with our Golf.  It has been a great car and very reliable. 4.7
Great little car, economical, comfortable, reliable and powerful. 4.7
Does everything you want - well 4.7
An excellent little car with bags of oomph!! 4.7
I have driven numerous different cars and would rate the golf the best drive of them all. I love driving my golf, very nippy! 4.7
A great little car. Love it!!'  ???? 4.7
I have owned my golf for 10 years and have never had any major problems with it, except normal waer and tear of course I truly hope I can afford another one if anything should happen to this one 4.7
What can I say? This is an amazing car, I always wanted a mk4 Golf and when I got my new job 18 months ago my brothers friend was selling it. I bought it and I was surprised how good it is. Great on fuel economy as I get on average 50 mpg and its great to drive.  4.7
It's just a good honest car great on fuel etc 4.7
I owned this car for 9 years and it was great fun to drive. Unfortunately i had to sell it as it could no longer accomodate my growing family. 4.7
The car was 8 years old when I bought and gave me very good, comfortable and reliable service for 3 years. I was sad to see it go. 4.7
I love this car, I've had a few and this is by far the best I've owned.  4.7
I love golfs they are  reliable never let you down very quick and a solid car 4.7
Good all round car I would buy another one  4.7
Excellent family hatchback will unbelievable fuel economy and performance  4.7
Great car all round 4.7
had the golf 18 months,done 30 000 miles in that time,and only costs were 2 oil changes....great reliability 4.7
Best car I have owned. 4.7
I think it is one of the best cars on the market - love, love, love it, and I'm very sad that I had to get rid of it :(  4.7
always has and always will be my very favourite car!! 4.7
Best car I have driven for years 4.7
Best car I've ever owed 4.7
Loved this car!! Amazing to drive and never let me down.  4.7
Iwouldnot change it for anything else 4.7
Absolute fantastic.   Well made, excellent on fuel,  Comfortable,  They just going and going and going  4.7
Car has now done 220000 still on my first clutch and exhaust.car is a total workhorse. I have used and abused it for the last 7 years and loaded it up till its on its bump stops more times than i choose to admit. Wife wants me to get rid of it because its old and dorty and full of junk but its like a part of me now. Have convinced my son and daughter both to get a mk4 and they both love them. My wife unfortunately had an accident with her mk 4 and it got wrote off so she has  4.7
Loved this car 4.7
I transferred it to my son, he likes it as much as I 4.7
VW are very strong manufactured cars that are built to last for life. 4.7
excellent build quality, comfortable to drive and has superb handling. Best hatch around for economy!! 4.7
no complaints on fuel consumption,depends how you drive it! 4.7
My car is 12 years old with 164,000 miles on the clock but I refuse to part with it because of it's outstanding ecocmy. 4.7
Just the perfec blend of engineering, practicality, efficiency and expense.  4.7
This has to be one of the most reliable  and economical cars I've ever driven! 4.7
best car i had 4.7
Mine is a mk3 TDI which I've had since 1994.I agree with all the comments. 4.7
Always a pleasure to drive :-) 4.7
I love my gti , plenty of power ,amazing quality as u would expect from a vw but I would say it isn't as good on fuel as I would expect , but all in all I am so happy with it I still wouldn't change it , best car I've had in a long time . 4.7
Great car, reliable great service from vw listers in warwick. Low cost to run and looks great.  4.7
Excellent all round car giving great reliability, comfort, and economy. 4.7
Great Product - Love the car to bits 4.7
Really great car! so good we now thinking about buying a new one in the next few weeks. 4.7
This is the first automatic car I have had and I do not think I would go back to a manual car.   Although the fuel economy is not as good as the golf diesel I had previously I find it much easier to drive and the acceleration on this car is excellent.   Also the advantage in heavy traffic is so easy without having to use the clutch.    I am really happy with this car. 4.7
A fast comfortable 4 seat hatch which still turns heads and justifies the extra paid for a sunroof /upgraded audio/zenon lights/reverse camera/sat nav/adjustable dampers -the ride is not too hard even on Sport setting and 19 inch alloys. 4.7
Lovely car to drive other than 1st to 2nd gear shift wasn't as smooth as you may expect. For the power available I was averaging 35mpg which was acceptable. Build quality not what I expected though with doir creaks, rattles and flimsy tailgate. Water pump and electrical issue as well, which was not expected in car less than 2 years old but no quibble resolution under warranty. 4.7
Recommended! 4.7
Packs quite a punch for such a relatively small engine, and is very silent indeed. In fact when I stop at the lights, I often forget my engine is on... 4.7
great car  4.7
My car is called ruby I've had her since new and I love her ...?? 4.7
nice really nice 4.7
We love our Golf and will probably buy another VW for our next car. Like  the reliability and build of the car. 4.7
If you want a practical family car thats a rip roaring drive then this is for you. The note of the V6 engine is just beautiful. Its a bit thirsty especially if driven enthusiastically driven normally you'll average 28mpg and on a run 31mpg but this is a small price to pay for the enjoyment. A cracking car the best I've ever had. 4.7
This is a great drive. Punchy, sounds great, looks good and gives a great experience for any level of driver with all the sound practicality and re-sale ability of a VW Golf. Top Car! 4.7
Brilliant!! 4.7
Best car ever power looks comfort speed everything u ever dream of 4.7
Wonderful car.reliable,great in winter too. 4.7
I love my Golf because its nippy, easy to park and easy to drive. It is not overcomplicated on the dash board and everything is easy to access. I am quite short but can manage to shut the boot with ease.  4.7
great car to drive and is very comfortable.  I only need the service once a year and it is great. I love it. 4.7
I loved my Golf 1.6 Match FSI. I only had to sell it because we needed the money.  I would seriously consider buying the same car again, and I didn't loose much money by selling it.  I could buy another one much the same for just over ?1,500 more than what I was paid for mine.  It's image may not be the most glam, but I you feel really safe driving and visibility and handling can't be faulted.  Unlike some cars, they don't get dented as soon as someone breaths on them, and they feel expensive with their nice leather trimmings.  The gearing is very much designed for economy driving.  I have rated economy as not the most economical, as it will use more petrol that say a Fiat 500. On the positive side, the boot will take two sets of golf clubs, and it's a great car if you don't want to be noticed too much! 4.7
I love my golf.  Have managed to get 500 miles or of the tank.  Only problem I've had is that I sometimes get condensation and ice on the inside of the windscreen. Other than that is been a pleasure to own.  Golf driver for life ;) 4.7
For  a hatchback it's the business. Does the job and is really good fun to drive.  4.7
I have had different models but can honestly say had no problems of any kind whatsoever, built for the young and not least the old  (I am 71) and have driven a few cars, lorries,coaches,buses, and WD  vehicles, so I do  know a little about vehicles. YES V Ws are good 4.7
A great car , worth much more than your current valuation, I think it is time I   considered keeping it as the mileage isso low. 4.7
Great for parking. The turbo gives it great power when overtaking. Handles well at 30 or 70 4.7
 most repayable I have ever had,64,000.,miles and never mist a note. 4.7
We had the R32, brilliant car to drive a dream.  4.7
Excellent car 4.7
A dream car .. 4.7
Lovely  4.7
4-wheel drive system brilliant for all weather conditions. Faultless reliable motoring that brings smiles each time you drive it. 4.7
Beast of a car! 4.7
Awesome car to drive 4.7
This car was my perfect car. the fuel economy for a 200bhp car was excellent achieving 40mpg + on a run. The car was very reliable and very responsive when  called upon.It was very well equipped and the interior was very roomy if the ride was little harsh, but that was expected. No turbo lag at all and very torquey, ie pulls in 4th gear from 25mph with no problems. omly sold due to cost of fuel and need to travel more to work. will buy another gti in future without a doubt. 4.7
Great fun car to own. Never had any issues mechanically. It can be heavy on fuel if you drive with a heavy foot, however drive it sensibly and you will get reasonable returns. 4.7
I own a Volkswagen golf gti mk 5 and it's by far the best car iv ever owned. Very very reliable and such a good drive. 4.7
Simply a great car! Owned from new and we'll never part with it!!!  Never broke down - still as feisty as ever - comfortable and economical.   4.7
The best car I have ever owned.  I love it.  Stylish, fast and sexy.  Lots of jealous friends. 4.7
Best Gti since my Mk16v. Superb quality and ride, even on 18" wheels. Fuel economy as good, if not better, than 2.0 20v passat, enough room in boot for dog yo be in comfort too. 4.7
Great car but but bad example. Evens Halshaw sold me a patched up repaired car with dangerous faults.  I have since bought a good mk6 from a vw dealer as I loved the car so much 4.7
I love my car, but time for a new one at the right price.  4.7
Had it for 9 years still love it... 4.7
All round one of the best cars ever! 4.7
Near perfect car, performance, comfort, the noise of the V6-epic! 4.7
Great car all round, with only  audio sound quality and road and wind noise higher letting it down. 4.7
Loved my golf just needed an upgrade after 5 years, changed for a scirocco love that too! 4.7
I've had this Golf 8years. It has been excellent. The esp did fail but I researched it & discovered that VW would pay for the repair. Only other problem was the handbrake cable which has been fixed at a reasonable price! I'm buying another!! 4.7
06 registration, apart from tyres and servicing, no other expenses.At this time, I'm very reluctant to consider replacing it. 4.7
I had this car for 4 great years of trouble free motoring and only changed it when the local VW dealer offered me a great deal on a TDI.  I managed to do an average of 535 miles on one tank of fuel - mostly motorway, but some town driving.  Excellent all rounder. 4.7
This was my 2nd Golf and now I drive a Golf Estate (with a 2nd dog we needed more room) so I guess I am committed to the Golf. Comfy, roomy, stylish and such fun to drive, and always felt so safe. 4.7
This car is my second Golf, and seventh VW.  It is very good and reliable, an easy relaxed drive when simply motoring, it also has quick uptake and responds to any need to move quickly.  Only cost of certain parts and service come in for my displeasure. 4.7
One the best fast cars too drive !  4.7
This car was a family favourite and we let it go reluctantly. aiat was always comfortable and gave us 9 years of family enjoyment. We downsized to a smaller car simply because there are only us 2 pensioners now using a car,but I still miss my Golf. 4.7
After nine years of ownership it was a hard decision to sell the R32. The German quality, the noise of the engine, four motion grip, the equipment level was great to have. Only reason I sold it was the new generation of Golf R offered more power and better economy a win win situation.  4.7
An excellent car, very sad to see it go but onwards and upwards. Now own an Audi TTS 4.7
Great car, never let me down on 6000 mile journey round Europe. 4.7
Great build quality and a safe family car. 4.7
Not so good on fuel  4.7
All the car you'll ever need in the real world.. 4.7
I drive vw golf 1.6FSI and love it. Neat little car, big enough for a family & plenty of boot space. 4.7
Loved the car and was really sorry to part with it but I developed knee problems and needed An automatic. Still grieve for it!!! 4.7
Excellent car, sad to leave it behind! 4.7
The best drive ever and unbelievable reliability.  4.7
Comfort gets four stars because when I have my child's car seat in it takes up a lot of room but still a great car. Also I have drove a lot of cars in my short time driving and I would highly recommend this car for snow driving I live on a very long steep hill and where 90% of cars won't go up I manage easily, love this car always will. 4.7
 Love my golf . Bought a BMW 1 seriers and it has done nothing but corse me problemS , so after making me completely skint . I took the for sale sigh off my 04 plate golf , still no probs touch wood x. Xxarrie 4.7
Fantastic smooth car to drive and powerfull 4.7
very smooth drive with plenty of power 4.7
Great car, great fun and the V6 engine sounds absolutely delicious 4.7
got to be the best car i have ever owned only down side is fuel economy  4.7
Our 5th VW. Very reliable car my son is using it now and it is still driving well. The sevice intervals were great if you were not doing a high mileage. Very roomy and easy to park. We liked the trip computer and the alarm sensor on the inside that you could disable if needed. 4.7
I love my car! Had it 5 years, and she's never let me down! 4.7
Great car to drive and very reliable. Easy to park. VW sales staff very well informed and pleasant to deal with, no "hard sell" 4.7
Brilliant car for reliability and comfort. Second hand purchase as a first car for son 5 years ago and still going strong 130k miles later! With addition of alloy wheels looks still stunning and is a car still sought after for it's edgy looks. Obviously bits are wearing out now but with regular servicing still providing reliable, enjoyable driving. 4.7
Great car 2 drive 4.7
I love my car  4.7
brilliant car cant go wrong. 4.7
Lovely car, very comfortable.  Ideal either as a family car or just a commuter, very nippy & economical.   4.7
Amazing car  4.7
Loved my Golf, now moved up to the 1.8t model for more performance :) 4.7
Best car I have owned. When I do have to replace it I will be getting another VW  4.7
Great car 4.7
Hi  The Golf is a great car has a much nicer interior than the current more plastic version.   4.7
great vw golf 4.7
I have 2.3 V5 model  it is 5 speed auto gearbox with trip tonic petrol.Bit havy on the fule.   4.7
Very reliable, fits my needs and has never let me down. I would definitely stay with this make of car 4.7
Had our golf since new, now nearing 100,000 miles and still going strong, only had two major repairs in its lifetime, both under ?550 pounds. Great car, going to keep it until it dies. 4.7
This car is a dream to drive! It is so good on fuel, I am in the process of selling this car as want a newer one but will never go back to any other car, VW golf all the way! 4.7
Great car and was something to show off as it was my first car wish i still had it :( 4.7
It's a very good car low maintenance  4.7
Love my golf, holds the road very well, feel very safe in this car. 4.7
Great fun car to drive. I did 205000 miles before really needing to change as it was just starting to cost money and become unreliable. It owed me nothing having bought it new! 4.7
had a problem with the ignition which will cost a but..other than that..happy 4.7
Miles of smiles 4.7
An almost perfect family car, but for me there are only two minor grumbles. One is the turning circle is poor, and the other is the front de-mist capability is totally inadequate.  That said I'd buy another golf any day of the week.  4.7
Lovely car  4.7
I have a 10 year old GTi and it is the best car I have ever owned including Aston Martin and Ferrari 4.7
The golf gti 1.8 turbo is a truly amazing car with a great engine, very reliable and would own another any day  4.7
Best car I've ever owned !! 4.7
Amazing mint condition  4.7
My Guide Dog pup & I love this car. Roomy, solid & reliable. To date, it is my second Golf & no doubt will not be my last. 4.7
golfs are wonderful cars to own it's such a shame the new designs have become so bland and indistinctive. 4.7
A really good car. Fun to drive, very practical, reliable and economical. I have always enjoyed VW. 4.7
Cracking car to drive, looks good, feels good! It's a sexy Golf!  4.7
great car- 12 years old and i dont want to change it! 4.7
Great built cars, look great, fun to drive and handle good!   i woill always stick to the vw group car!  4.7
Smooth and comfortable with lots of VROOM when needed. Always has been a pleasure to drive. 4.7
Totally brilliant car. It's my fourth GTI and they have all been great. No repeat no problems of a major nature on any of them. My only criticism is that it is a bit noisy at motorway speed. Could be the tyres - Pirelli P6000 or maybe just the age. 4.7
the best car i have ever owned. 4.7
THE GOLF GTI IS A FAST FUN CAR AND GREAT TO DRIVE . 4.7
Great car great fun looks good always! 4.7
amazing and fun  4.7
Best car ever owned still in tip top condition, paintwork in showroom condition,  my car is 12 years old, it has 59,675 miles on clock, purry engine, perfect drive passed every MOT love my car to pieces. 4.7
Loved this car that much that I bought a newer model! 4.7
Good looking car and great build quality  4.7
One of the best cars i have ever owned! Often wish i'd never had sold it. 4.7
My 1998 golf was my pride and joy and felt very sad to let it go. Would have kept it, but was not practical to do so. I now own the new Mk7 and I adore this one too, helped me to get over loosing my old faithful. 4.7
Classic Golf...a true pedigree car...classy German reliability...a joy to drive 4.7
Very nice car! Just wish they kept the shape on the newer models!  4.7
Very nice car! Just wish they kept the shape on the newer models!  4.7
Golf's are simply the best cars I have driven. They're great for daily driving such as short distance commuting and motorway driving. 4.7
The Volkswagen Golf GTi MK11 is, in my opinion, one of the best cars ever built. 4.7
This car was amazing! VW reliability is as good as it always is. Didnt matter about the cold mornings, this car didnt care. I loved this car too bits. 4.7
Bomb proof, resposive and ultra reliable but get one that has good service history and has not been abused. 4.7
best wee car ever 4.7
My favourite car ever! 4.7
Mk 3 golf gti,s were the best golfs ever made :-) 4.7
Had my Golf nearly 14 years and only had 3 small things wrong with it.  Great nippy drive and easy to park.  Been used from one driver to full capacity with luggage and no problems.  Would highly recommend it to anyone. 4.7
Very nice car to drive around the town, spacious as well!Best for SPL competitions!  4.7
I'm now on my third VW Golf, I got hooked a few years ago when I got a mark 3, with a 1.8 litre engine, it was a solid car and never let me down and the guy who bought it from me lives locally, and it's still going strong! Next up was a mark 4, with a 1.4 litre engine, it was much more refined than the mark 3, with electric windows and electric sunroof, and over all the interior was a much nicer place to be, compared to the mark 3. The 1.4 litre engine was the smallest petrol engine that VW made for the mark 4 but the 75bhp it produced was enough to make the car feel quite nippy and it was great on fuel! That car is still going strong with 140000 on the clock, I know this as my brother bought it from me. Next was the car I still own, a mark 4 R32 this has a 3.2 lite VR6 engine! Ever since I got in to golfs I wanted a R32 in my opinion the best golf ever made. It lived up to everything I imagined it would be and more! The car pulles like a train and handles beautifully, it is without a question the best car I have even driven the interior is on another level compared to a normal mark 4, with heated bucket seats, leather steering wheel, air conditioning, onboard  computer and a six disc CD changer. Considering the car is 10 years old it still feels brand new, everything is still tight. And the car still looks very modern. I would recommend VW golfs to anyone, with there renowned German build quality, the reliability is exceptional! They really are very good cars! 4.7
It has been one of the most reliable cars I've ever owned.  Easy to drive, park and economical.  I have two children and do a 20 minute school run each day, perfect.  4.7
A modern classic, great fun to drive, zippy, and nippy. 4.5
Its an old car but still does what it was manufactured to do. This is my 2nd  second hand Golf in 8 years and it doesn't owe me a penny 4.5
Lovely little run around love her to hits never let me down 4.5
I love my car. Reliable. Looks Good. Gets lots of attention as its a retro old school classic. 4.5
I adore my old golf convertible she is soo stylish 4.5
I run in 'eco' mode and my long term average is just over 70mpg. Admittedly my driving is mostly reasonably traffic free A roads and not start-stop, but I am pretty pleased with the economy. Very quiet and very well thought out rear seat folding. Big enough for pretty much anything I need to carry, but not too big. Easy to park, although I haven't yet tried the parking assist feature. Great integration with my iPhone - I can catch up with my pod casts on the road.  4.5
My car is ideal for my life style. Its based on the Jetta but looks bigger. For a 1.6 engine its quick and fairly economic. The only reservation I have is the automatic gearbox is a bit slow to pickup if you are in  a hurry. 4.5
Very fast in 2nd and 3rd is out of this world! My car has a 1600cc engine and I get 59 to the gallon 620 miles per tank of fuel. 4.5
1.6 needs a lot of gear changing but good estate, comfortable and great economy 4.5
My car is great with lots of room to carry things around.  Comfortable and easy to drive. 4.5
great fuel consumption 4.5
Good, reliable family car.  Back seats easily drop flat to allow a large area to carry anything large items. Comfortable, easy to drive car.   4.5
In spite of being an estate it is great to drive, very zippy. Does about 60 miles to the gallon. Have ot had any problems with it so far. This is my third Golf Estate. 4.5
as you well know, or should know bye now i don't have said car. but when i did it did me and the family good. 4.5
Superb car. 4.5
An amazing car so reliable fun yet cheap to run 4.5
Brilliant to drive but only 50mpg  overall not the 78 claimed! 4.5
Great engine, road holding and drive. Boring box shape and needs improved gadgetry. Boot also too narrow to take golf clubs. 4.5
Had the car almost 4 years from new,great car for driving pleasure and economy  4.5
New cr tdi is quieter and smoother and will help against any future dpf problems. Real improvement as regards the cabin, more up market feel than the mk5 gt. Big improvement all round, impressed so far! 4.5
I have had some issues with V.W Telford but the car is very good 4.5
The little touches make all the difference. Such as 'hold' on the brakes when at Rest. Dipping near side mirror when selecting reverse.  4.5
Very practical and reliable. I hesitated before buying as to whether the boot was too small. In the event it has proved quite adequate, for two people usually and occasionally four. Excellent road holding and outstandingly manoeverable on twisty minor roads. Very pleased with fuel efficiency -  up to 63mpg on long journeys at moderate speed. (Blue motion option.) A very good buy which I anticipate holding on to for some years. 4.5
A great car, practical, easy to drive and above all cheap and economic al to run. The cabin inside could be a bit more whistles and bells and i find the lack of media controls on the steering shell to be more than annoying, but that's a minor criticism of a great car. 4.5
An excellent, versatile and reliable  means of transport. Only small draw back restricted rear view when reversing 4.5
I have the basic 90ps TDi, not fast but if you are careful you can get 70+mpg on a long run on A roads. Oh and road tax is only ?30. Very refined and comfortable, holds it's value, but maybe could be more exciting.  4.5
No complaints from me. 4.5
Really happy.  They say once a golf driver always a golf driver. Well I've got to say I'm more than happy to agree with that. 4.5
Great quality economical car 4.5
I  bought this car entirely by accident. To explain, In the last five years I have had several powerful new cars all with over 200hp on tap. I  bought  a Volkswagen, - not a Golf, - another  (better?) higher powered model. Only 48hrs into my ownership the car suffered catastrophic engine failure and left me stranded. The Dealer rebuilt it, I rejected it. During the month the car had been away the dealer had lent me a Golf Tdi. I loved it!! just 105 hp? It's a driver's car. It's absolutely brilliant on 'A' roads! There is loads of mid range whiz to get past slow moving traffic.  Road holding superb.Comfort is good, Fuel Economy? It  seems to make its own fuel! 60 mpg  is easily obtained; 70 plus if you try. Image? It's classic.  The build is superb. The interior is just such a nice place to be. The Quality throughout is tremendous,  Would I recommend it? Absolutely. Without reservation. 4.5
Engine a bit sluggish, needs more power, not so bad because I'm the only one in it mostly but it runs out of steam so easily!!! Not a speed merchant either, I'm in my 50's.  4.5
Love driving the car. Not too keen on the cam belt being replaced after 4 years should depend on the mileage. Ignored reccomendatiion for the moment. 4.5
Used this vehicle as a national motorway work horse and it proved  both it's value and worth for the purpose I purchased this vehicale originally 4.5
Note this is the new MK7 Golf R hence the economy rating 4.5
Gave me a smile every time I got in it. Shocks only lasted 75000m 4.5
Economical car,pulls away well  from standing start,plenty of gadgets and very reliable 4.5
The GTD ( nothing like a GT Tdi )is an amazing combination of economy and performance rolled in to a sensible and practical package. When new this car was too expensive, and I would have gone for the cheaper GTi despite the economy, however at 3 years old and near half the originally price it make great sense. On all but the shortest in town trips it will comfortably top the 30 mpg, but let the engine Walm up and after 5 miles down the road economy is in the mid 40s. Do a long motorway trip at the speed limit and you are looking at 60 mpg. If you do a range of road types then you can expect to average at 45 mpg. The performance is impressively smile inducing. The 0-62 time is 8.1 seconds which is a second off the pace of the GTi, but that's not the full story as some of the In gear acceleration increments match or better the GTi making it very drivable. The most amazing thing about this diesel is that it revs sweetly to the 5,000 rpm red line, meaning you can drive it like a petrol if you wanted to. The handling is equally impressive with a set up close to, but slightly softer than the GTi . The ride height is lower than the standard car and the ride is firm but well damped. The interior is well finished, with GTi type seats which are very comfortable. I love the square bottom steering wheel. The only small disappointment is that it is a tiny bit less refined than my Passat Tdi CR DPF 140 which is not very much like a diesel at all. I love this car, and look forward to driving it. I would recommend it whole hartedly.  4.5
Not the most exciting car in the world but great to drive, economical and ultra reliable.  It never puts a foot wrong and the quality is difficult to beat 4.5
Superb car. Excellent drive. Good solid build. Reliable and economically, with a bit of poke if you want some fun. 4.5
Very economical if driven correctly - 56 mpg in daily use, and more on holiday.  I put on 63,000 miles in 20 months with no incident, but it did develop some kind of transmission whine.  The Match spec gives enough comfort and equipment for most daily drivig purposes. 4.5
Great mid range diesel which will last forever. 4.5
A great fun and practical car 4.5
We upgraded our Golf DSG. The old one was too good to part exchange so we sold it to our daughter (at a fair price of course). We love our new Golf DSG. It is just as good as the previous one but more economical.  4.5
I have had four Golf's  a Mk 3, 4, 5 and now I have a Mk 6 which is a Golf Plus. I have to say the latest is by far the most smooth and quiet. I love it. It is the second DSG model and far superior to all the others. I cannot see myself getting another due to the cost involved. I would definitely recommend the Mk 6 which you can now get quite cheaply.  4.5
Very pleased with the car.  Would recommend. 4.5
The car was one of the best Golfs I have driven (the third we have owned) it is one of the great all rounders.  But the new one is even better although more thirsty it is very quick and comfortable, handles very well and has all the Golf virtues. 4.5
I loved my Golf TDI it was my favourite car. Unfortunately my ex husband crashed it and is now my ex husband. This car was a practical family car without being boring. Loved it. 4.5
Fast and fun 4.5
Brilliant car and very economic on fuel but still pack the power when needed. 4.5
My golf is 8 years old and I've had it from new - it's the oldest car I've ever had and I love it so much it's only recently that I've decided to trade it in - for another Golf! Can't rate this car highly enough. 4.5
Great car and will buy a new one within the next 3 months. 4.5
Loved it  but was very expensive to maintain had several problems eg. Heater fan, discs, led lights in wing mirrors, headlights  blurred on inside.Cost me several thousand pounds in last year I had it. Bonnet lock, drivers window regulator replacedHave replaced with renault megane coupe diesel which is ok.Amconsidering scirocco  in not too distantfuture 4.5
Great workhorse. Never let's me down 4.5
Brill  4.5
I have had 4No 2000cc. Turbo Diesel Golfs MK's. 4,5,6 & 7 Mk7. is definitely the best. Great cars but as all German cars, is overpriced & Main Dealers do not give much away in terms of discount. If one uses the Turbo Power the car has? the consumption is not great but O/A a truly lovely car to own? If you have the money to buy & run a Golf nothing comes close to the finish & safety?   4.5
One of the best cars I have ever had. It is now 8 years old and still marvellous.  4.5
Mk.7 Golf is a major improvement on the last 3 Golfs I have owned. It is superb car, quick, well built, safe, & comfortable. The only problem I have noticed is? That if one drives the car fairly hard, it reaches nowhere near the supposingly MPG Figures quoted? but it is a  2000cc "Turbo"? I get an average of motorway/urban of 41 MPG ish? which is a bit away from what VW quote? 4.5
Trusty steed:) 4.5
I.VE  HAD THE CAR FROM NEW, COMING UP ON 6 YEARS, SURPRISED  REAR WHEEL BEARING WENT  AND FRONT COIL SPRING, AND YOU HAVE TO CHANGE THE TIMING BELT AND PUMP AND TENTIONERS AT  4 YEARS OLD ?  4.5
great car would recomend to anyone wanting quality medium sized hatchback cheap to run  4.5
very nice car to drive. 4.5
fab 4.5
I have gt 170 and its a great car 4.5
very good car 4.5
170 gt tdi love it!!!! 4.5
Top car  4.5
Great little car for me, couldn't be happier with it! 4.5
Great car, solid and a great runner. Not once did it fail me in 4 years!! 4.5
good car 4.5
Excellent car,never stopped running but constantly requires money spending on it due to dashboard warning lights for one thing or another.We had a running joke that every time we passed VW garage mpg readout changed to ? signs 4.5
Excellent car, a good drive and very economical (61mpg average) was my best tank to tank average. 4.5
A nice car all round 4.5
Fantastic reliable economic car wish I could afford a newer model may just keep driving mine for another 9 years  4.5
I have had a VW GOLF 1.9tdi For the past three years It is very reliable and has never let me down.  Passed each and every MOT first time. The fuel economy is very good and it is a cheap car to run.  Spacious and comfortable with a good leel of comfort and modern technology. I would recommend this vehicle to young drivers, small families and the elder generation due to my points above. Thanks. 4.5
Fab car - always with a Golf two problems: electrics - there will always be an issue with some of the electrics at some stage. Also internal condensation. Was same with previous model and also all my firends who drive golfs have same issues. Its amazing how much you can pack into them. 4.5
Great car. 4.5
Well built car with hard wearing interior fabrics.   4.5
Reliable, good car! Okay, so diesel always seems to be expensive, but that's not the fault of the car! 4.5
Best car I've ever had - not a moments trouble 4.5
its a good car in many ways but has had its problems mainly electrical issues that crop up now and again without warning overall it appears a better car than my previous diesel Vauxhall astra it certainly has better performance and economy [ no plans to change it yet ] 4.5
Great all round car. Cheap to own. 4.5
I have done 98,000miles and it still drives the same. It has never let me down only things like tyres and brake linings have been replaced. I would definitely buy another Golf for their reliability.  4.5
I loved this car!  Golfs aren't the most exciting choices in the world but it was fast and torquey and great to drive.  The one thing I would say though is that I have now had two Golfs and two Sciroccos, and I have had four blown turbochargers.  Independent mechanic told me VW are known for this. 4.5
Very fast yet very economical very solid and love the cup holders 4.5
What a fantastic all rounder, a real work horse, comfortable on the motorway, happy around Town, great for getting the kids in and out of and amazingly quick when you want it to be.. A real gem, sorry to have said good bye to my 02'plate....  4.5
Love my golf 4.5
Great car! Economical and still nippy! A brilliant package! 4.5
Fantastic car - reliable and great to drive 4.5
I purchased my Golf three years ago as a second car specifically to visit  a hospital where my wife was receiving long term care which has now ended. Since purchase I have covered 40,000 trouble free miles with minimal expense which only relate to regular servicing and fixed costs ie insurance, tax and MOT. I now intend to keep the car and to run it to end of life but fear that the car my putlast me! 4.5
Great car, fast, comfortable, reliable and great fuel encomny. 4.5
Loved the car, and only sold it because I received a company vehicle. I would have another in a heartbeat. 4.5
Family owned for over 7 years.  Does everything a car should do and more. Solid reliability, stunning mpg in a car that's over 10 years old.  No complaints, and 100% recommend the diesel golf  4.5
Awsome car, stats above say it all really 4.5
The best car I've ever had including numerous BMW's.  4.5
Buy the TDI 130 bhp with 6 speed gearbox,   My super reliable estate has over 2 hundred thousand on the clock and purrrrrrs along, A few rust spots,   But Hey!!!!!  its 11 year old. 4.5
Had my car way longer than i thought i would. Still love it. 4.5
Really relaxed driving with a very appealing look to the car 4.5
Very reliable comfortable car.... 4.5
Had 5 in 35yrs. Always been very pleased. 4.5
Great reliable car that never fails to deliver! 4.5
owned one for 9 years and think it was a great all rounder. 4.5
Wanted new car so had to go  4.5
I LIKE MY CAR 4.5
Greay fuel efficiency, I made it my mission to get 64mpg out of motorway journeys.  Heated leather seats, centre armrest and cruise control make for a very relaxed drive.  Perhaps a little boring, and the golf is still expensive once you've added the bells and whistles.  But I liked it so much I bought another one! 4.5
I've had my car 10 years and I still struggle to find anything as fun, safe and reliable to replace it - apart from a new GT TDI of course.  4.5
This car has never let us down.  There have been minor issues which can always be resolved but, if regularly serviced, the car just keeps on going.  It is not the most exciting of cars, but a lot of people, from all walks of live, own and love their golfs. 4.5
Golf's are amazing cars, I average 42 mpg around London and motorway driving has been up to 52mpg!  Very nippy around town, and the only car that I have ever  owned thats heats up the interior very quickly. even in -4c I have had the car 8 years now and still love driving it.   4.5
A good family car 4.5
Not a bad car :) Just seems to keep going :) handles like a boat, feels very heavy to drive but all in all a loverly car :)  4.5
A fantastic Diesel car that is reliable and safe.  4.5
Great car great to drive and good to be seen in. 4.5
A wonderful car I had for many years and racked up nearly 200,000 miles. It was sad to see it go when I upgraded to another VW Golf Diesel Hatchback. 4.5
very reliable car , no real problems in all the time i have had it , good on fuel and still lively to drive , would recommend this type of car to anyone 4.5
The best and most fun car I have ever owned 4.5
My VW Golf TDI is going strong after 165000 miles from new and 15 years driving. No problems apart from normal servicing and recently two new shock absorbers. And my previous Golf VR6 did 8/9 years before I changed it without any problems too. Brilliant value  :) 4.5
Great car. Very reliable. Still fun to drive. Would definitely recommend 4.5
Owned this car for12 years from new. Drove 115,000 miles. Needed new discs and pads a few times. Never broke down. The 115BHP engine is  amazingly economical averaging about 50mpg overall. Plenty of low rev torque so very sprightly in the traffic lights Grand Prix. The climate control (an extra) was brilliant. A lovely car which I was sorry to have to sell.  4.5
my first choice of car  4.5
I loved this car and was very sorry to see it go eventually at 250,000 miles. I had it for 8 years and in all that time it was highly reliable,and although I obviously had many parts replaced in that time, it never once refused to start. It still had the original clutch as well. Fuel economy was great and the engine was still going strong when I decided it was time to replace. Which I did with newer one which has been just as good so far. 4.5
THIS IS MY 4TH GOLF - PROBABLY BEST ONE EVER.  WENT FOR TDI 140 BHP FOR PULLING LIGHTWEIGHT FAMILY CARAVAN [REVIEWS BY CARAVAN MAGAZINES RECOMMEND IT IS A VERY GOOD TOWING CAR]  - I HAVE FOUND THAT AND STILL GET 40/45 MPG - NORMAL CONSUMPTION 50/55 MPG. I HAVE HAD ACC [ADAPTIVE CHASSIS CONTROL] WHICH SIGNIFICANTLY HELPS IN TOWING.  CRUISE CONTROL IS A GODSEND IN NORMAL DRIVING CONDITIONS. PEOPLE MIGHT COMMENT THERE ARE LOTS OF OTHER CARS "EXCITING", BUT WE 'VE GOT USED TO THE BRAND, AND OVERALL IT REALLY SUITS OUR FAMILY REQUIREMENTS. CMB    4.5
A great, reliable family car. Plenty of room in the boot for pushchairs, shopping, holiday trips etc. Smooth to drive and looks great. Only con is when it does go wrong, the VW parts are quite expensive. overall, a fab car. 4.5
main fault rear washer whiper will leak which will effect boot opening mechnism operation .plus amazing bodywork resist rust  .  build quility very high 4.5
All round great little car 4.5
Solid build quality, excellent throttle response, hot hatch icon that still turns heads, very reliable average running costs, but most important it puts a smile on your face when driven. 4.5
Great car If you have to buy one car for the rest of your life the VW golf is the car to buy. 4.5
Build quality not up to the same standards as previous golfs but all round great car  4.5
Love my little golf 4.5
Excellent quality, and the performance is even better than my previous Golf GT which had a larger (1.6) engine!  4.5
This car is  well built and stylish it handles really well and has the best brakes I have ever had in a car. 4.5
This about mt. 5th Golf. Love them  makes me feel safe 4.5
So well built and robust.  Very smooth and comfortable ride.   4.5
Vw golfs are great cars, I've had 6 now , pretty reliable and solid with good responsive drive, I've had and driven lots of other cars/ makes and you have to go some to rival the all round feeling of a golf, they are pricey but as the adverts state, you get what you pay for 4.5
A deceptively spacious small but reliable car that can be used as an everyday run-around or a small family car. I would recommend it to anyone.  4.5
Amazing on fuel for a petrol 1.6, owned the car for 2 years and never experienced a machanical fault. Would highly recommend  4.5
excellent car, can't fault it and a super drive 4.5
Golf is a slice above the rest and helps you drive perfectly  4.5
Superb car,spoilt only by road fund and fuel economy,but that aside i would say the best car i've ever had. 4.5
great car shouldnt have sold it really! 4.5
Awesome Car! 4.5
So sorry to see it go. Would have happily kept it forever had I not been given a company car.  4.5
Gti best car on the road 4.5
Fifth gti  in a row. Enough said  4.5
A great allround car 4.5
Reliable and well bit although in the rare instance that anything needs fixing the parts cost a fair bit. 4.5
Superb car! 4.5
Great fun car, really enjoyed driving it!  4.5
The 4 wheel drive and fabulous V6 engine make this car a lot more special to own and drive than the modern, tuned 4 cylinder equivalents. This car feels soo planted to the road and witout the drama and risk that 2 wheel drive brings when losing traction. Expect 33/34 to the gallon on decent runs which is great for this 3.2 V6...and enjoy that delightful V6 purr...! 4.5
VW always make the best hatchbacks, and the golf is no exception. The build quality & reliability is second to none, VW is always my first port of call when looking for a new car. 4.5
QUALITY CAR - LOVED IT BUT HAD TO SELL AS i GOT A COMPANY CAR AND IT WAS SITTING THERE GATHERING DUST 4.5
Lovin' it ! 4.5
Beautiful car and a joy to drive. 4.5
Although I love my Golf I have had problems with it thankfully they were still under warranty and were promptly dealt with. I would buy another if I was thinking about changing my car. 4.5
I cannot say anything bad about it. It is just perfect  4.5
I have had this car from new and I have never had a problem with it.  Its a great car and if I did change it, it would be for the same again! 4.5
Its still true what everyone says of VW's . The build quality and reliability are second to none. Great car. 4.5
Great cars 4.5
Great cars. Well built and very reliable.  4.5
I have driven a variety of great cars for 30+ years. The R32 is one of the best cars i have ever had the pleasure of driving. Its performance, 4x4 handling and reliability is simply stunning. It has so much torque range, you could drive around in 3rd gear all day. Dry, wet or snow, it floors the rest. If you drive it hard it can be a little juicy. Brilliant handling comes with a small price; hard suspension. If you want to drive a real muscle car, the R32 is the easy answer. 4.5
My r32  is the best car I  ever had 4.5
I replaced it with the same after my previous VW Golf was written off. the air bags went off and probably saved my life. Very pleased with the model. 4.5
My car has been incredibly reliable in all weathers.    Tyre wear had been good and the body work had remained very good .     The car looks good and the shape still commands attention .     I will certainly consider another golf and revommend the car to others. 4.5
Great car wouldnt buy anything but a golf now! Only thing is the fuel prices are going through the roof but as sum1 else said thats out of our control! 4.5
Love this car - it's my second Golf and I hope that my next one is a Golf too - great to drive easy to park. Classy but not showy. 4.5
When I bought this car I took my sister along to see it, she is in a wheelchair, if the wheelchair did not fit in the boot, and she could not get into the car, I would not buy it. All was okay and I bought the car, and have not regreted it since. I had driven a geared car for many years, and this one was auto, the sales man said if you do most of your driving in the centre of London, as I do, you will not go back to a geared car, he was correct.  4.5
Bought in 2007 (on previous owner)  ? brilliant car, very reliable, no problems at all apart from leak in front footwell which took a long time to sort (was caused by front offside window seal). LOVE this car! 4.5
One of the best cars i,ve driven. 4.5
Never let me down even on the coldest and wettest days a joy to have owned 4.5
Had car tuned to approx 300 bhp, and it was how you would expect it to perform, handling was very safe and somtimes bordering on boring because of it. Bombproof engine with a camchain, and not the dreaded cambelt to worry about. 4.5
Had my Golf for six years now and still drives like a dream. Was thinking of trading it in for another Golf and the dealer said I should keep it because it will retain its high residual value. 4.5
Really sturdy car, you feel so safe.  it's my first car and I've been driving for 3 years now. I've never had any problems with it and absolutely love it!!  4.5
i have had 2 of these both great cars 4.5
Low mileage, excellant condition examples are very rare. Snap them up while you can! If you can afford the Insurance and petrol, that is. Mine was sold within 2 weeks for ?2500 (I wanted a quick sale). 4.5
Same as last time - been here before, except that the site won't let me change the ratings! Economy should be 2 4.5
I  used my black VW Golf Match from brand new for 8 years, never let me down, brilliant an comfortable car to drive.  I maintained it well, always through the company.  I had a accident in 2004 where a teenage girl drove into me at high speed, the windscreen was shattered and so was the driver's side door.  I got off without a scratch.  I fell in love with this car that day as it saved my life.  I swapped it for a VW EOS hard top convertible and to this day I regret it.  The most safe and best car I have ever driven.  4.5
Wouldn't rive anything else! 4.5
A good, sound, reliable car. Fuel efficient and at a sensible price. 4.5
Very Happy had car for 10 years replaced with later Golf. 4.5
Great 4.5
Had my last golf for over 10 years. Have recently part ex it for a newer golf which I hope to have for another 10 years. 4.5
reliable comfy car 4.5
great car  4.5
Brilliant cars 4.5
Brilliant car cant fault the 1 I had for 6years 4.5
Excellent car.  4.5
Both had a single breakdown in the year I've had this car and it's done 200000 miles 4.5
won't mind having the same car in future. 4.5
Had V W 's for last 20 years , dream to drive . Have a V reg at moment for past 8 years , never let's me down   4.5
I have  had my VW GTI golf for nearly 3 & 1/2 years now, its a car I love to drive. It feels like i driving one of the most expensive car on the road. It is my affordable budget sports car.  its so comfortable, reliable, solid and strong  car . This a car you will always see on the road even in 20 years time.  If you have never owned or driven A GTi Golf..... You will need to give it a try as you won't be disappointment ... 4.5
5 star 4.5
5 star 4.5
5 star 4.5
This is the 3rd VW Golf I have had and I love it. I am now 88 years old and still driving a Golf but I am thinking of changing to a POLO as this car is now 11 years old. 4.5
Excellent smart and reliable car. It was extremely nice to drive and comfortable on the road. As it is a heavy car, the fuel consumption is fairly high. I would rate this car 5 star  4.5
It is been a most reliable and comfortable car for over 10 years, and we would certinly buy another one at the right price 4.5
Amazing little car which is so much fun to drive. 4.5
I have had 2 VW Hatchbacks and never looked back. Sturdy, reliable and comfortable I have been able to take 4 passenger and luggage comfortably and fill the car up to the roof on many occasions! . I have owned my current one for 10 years and it has been excellent value for money and a joy to drive. LOVE IT! 4.5
best most exciting car I have ever driven and I have driven many bmw  4.5
Best car I have ever owned, good fun to drive but still sensible enough to get my kids in the back. Fuel economy the only issue that I have! 4.5
Great car to own if serviced  4.5
Very sturdy, quick and reliable. Its stylish, well built and a pleasure to drive. What it lacks in fuel economy it makes up for in comfort and performance. 4.5
My car is getting on now and will be 16 years old this year. I have had it since 2002 and it has been a fantastic car to drive as well as being reliable. It is not only those qualities that make it a fantastic car but the flexibility too. I have moved 3 times in the last 3 years and managed to transport many of my belongings in the car to and from each house. This also comes in helpful when buying items such as bunk beds from ebay. Although my car is aging now when you compare it's robustness to a ford it makes you realise the difference in quality, the fords i have seen that are still on the road  that are the same age are often rusty and look very dated. All in all this car has been and still is a fantastic servant to me and my family.  4.5
Trusty old mk4 keeps going 100,000 miles,few issues with electrics but no major mechanical failures,predictable handling feels solid and well made. 4.5
Great little car! 4.5
great car to drive , had mine 4 years and never let me down , give regular services and look after the car and you will be greatly rewarded with a reliable fun car to drive which gives you the power when needed . As i have recently had a baby i still have the car as plenty of room in backseats , will definately buy again . 4.5
love my gti 4.5
VW GOLF IS THE BEST CARS I HAVE IS MY 4TH GOLF GTI 1,8 T MK4 I LOVE GOLF AND THE NEXT CAR WILL BE GOLF AGAIN   4.5
Tthe best thing I have owned, apart from the Mustang   4.5
second only to the mustang when the mustang is only firing on 5 out of 6 the golf can at least keep it in view  4.5
12 years old and rock solid, still looks great and would have another anyday. Reliable and trust worthy and not expensive to run. Hatchback are versatile and practical. 4.5
Would buy again  4.5
Great car had mine for 9 years and still going strong  4.5
Volkswagen Golf"s are build to last 4.5
nice sporty car,fast and reliable 4.5
The safest most comfortable car i have ever owned that sticks to the road like glue. 4.5
I have owned my Golf 1.6SE for 11 yrs. it has never let me down and generally returns 38-43mpg. A fabulous car! 4.5
I have had this car for over 6 years and it has never let me down. 4.5
Built like a tank runs like a dream! 4.5
vroooooom 4.5
Fast reliable motor! 4.5
Top car, the mk3 model is the best. 4.5
The big advantage of the VW Golf GTI is the wonderful sporty performance & driving experience, allied to superb build quality, a great sense of protection & robustness, & incredible internal space!Seats 5 reasonably well, drop that rear seat & parcel shelf, you convert a practical-sized city car into a medium estate! The Golf GTI covers nearly every requirement of the modern, experienced driving-loving person, ticks every box for me. 4.5
Great car but, reliable and lovely to drive 4.5
excelent well built car, spares and repairs not expensive, good performance, mpg 35 - 40 miles. on perchase check electric windows and reverse gear. 4.5
An Awesome car and a pleasure to drive, VW Golf always now  4.5
Had the golf 14 years now and still a great car.  Reliable and easy to drive and park. 4.5
Everybody says its the most amazing value for money. My kids are already planning who will get the car when they are old enough to drive! I fully expect the car to still be on the road for many years to come!  4.5
Had this car in the family for well over 10 years it travelled all over England with us. Never once had any issues with it perfect family car comfortable the right size economical and very reliable. Would strongly recommend to anybody!. 4.5
Golfs are the best!  4.5
I loved that car but me and my wife had a baby so we just's need a big car.  4.5
This is not the first golf I have driven I had another one K843CMO which I sold to car brakers and I bought this one. For sure I LOVE GOLF and I might still buy another one. 4.5
A great little runner that will be missed! 4.5
Follows on the the tradition of the MK1 Gti (I still have the MK1 I bought in 1983) giving great performance and driving experience whilst still being a very practical family hatch back. It might be beaten in certain aspects by its rivals, but none can combine everything into one complete package like the Golf does. A car that is as happy on the weekly shopping run, to a 1000 mile trans European trip, to a quick B-road drive. Plus 40mpg is acheivable although 36 to 38 mpg is probably more realistic on a long run. 4.5
my car had an excellent interior but if ihad an ordinary model they really are quite boring inside.otherwise they are an excellent all rounder. 4.5
Fantastic car, only got rid for a newer model VW Golf 4.5
Great car I love driving it. 4.3
VW one of my favorite cars so having had one gave me a great deal of pleasure,i sold my convertible as i very rarely used it owing to the fact that i moved closer into an area that i could walk most places,but i would always recommend it as a Must car, once in your life. 4.3
Love my convertable, espeically in the summer months when i have the roof down and drive in the fresh air! 4.3
Great little car - very zippy and fast 4.3
VW Golf MK1 Cabriolet - Best car ever made!  4.3
a sensible car 4.3
best car I have owned reliable economical cheap road tax very good 4.3
I really like this car. It is a compact estate car but still has plenty of space in the back with the seats folded down. It is a comfortable and responsive drive and equally at home popping to town or eating up the miles on the motorway. A great family car. 4.3
just about the best car I have owned 4.3
Brilliant Car, I have had two. 4.3
I have owned 9  cars over the last 50 years most of them from new and this is by far the best one yet. serviced by the main Dealer where I purchased it from .It is as good as new. 4.3
Beautiful manual gearbox, silky changes, steering almost like it's running on railway lines. Solid, unwavering quality, long-lasting components. Classic Mk 4 design - still looks like a real car, not a cgi space-bug! Internal look and feel is quiet, sombre and non-distracting. Elegant, functional shapes and lines. Lovely 1.9 diesel, purrs without complaint, long-distance around 60 mpg or more. Tdi gives a fair turn of heel when required.  4.3
The Golf drives fine.  Has done 195000 miles with very few problems - brakes, just done steering rack.But what do you expect on a car that is 11 years old.  Economy 50 mpg.  Quality shows really. Comfort fine BUT little space in back for adults.  I have been very pleased with it. 4.3
I only sold this car because i wanted something a little more spacious and with a slightly higher level of trim. I plumped for the natural progression from this vehicle, the Audi A6 - with the same engine as the Golf but upped to 130BHP.  Still got the same great economy but with much better comfort and more space.  Not that the Golf was noisey but the Audi is much quieter. All in all the Golf is a great car, economical, quiet, nippy, torquey (even in the 90 BHP guise) has good levels of comfort and very few rattles (even at this age). I'd definately have one again, if i didn't want the extra space provided by the Audi A6. 4.3
still going well after 105000 miles uses no oil 50mpg 4.3
Very reliable, looks good, economical for distance driving.  4.3
.Bought a Golf in Germany in 2000 and brought it  back to the UK, sold it in 2004 when I purchased a new C180 Mercedes.  Sold the Mercedes in 2012 when I bought me present car, thoroughly loved driving this economical and fast motor.  I would have no problem with recommending this car to anyone.  4.3
We really like Golfs. This is the third one . However my wife finds the front edge of the driver's seat cuts into her legs despite trying all the seat positions. She has ordered  a seat wedge to hopefully overcome the problem. 4.3
A step up in class, build quality and everything else than the Audi A3. Fuel economy is superb and will get even better after a planned re-map. The Golf is just simply so well built, looks good , drives superbly and delivers 50 + mpg, what more can you ask for? 4.3
Best car I've ever had 4.3
Great car for low cost running, reliability, and a name to trust. 4.3
The only reason I would not buy a golf next time is we now have a Tiguan - which does have a Golf engine.  It is a complete joy to drive.  I didn't think we'd change, but.... 4.3
Sound vehicle. I'll never buy a car without cruise control, parking sensors and equivalent fuel efficiency. Just bought a new golf with blue motion.   4.3
We traded in our Ford Focus for the above car and there is no comparison!! 4.3
Would definitely recommend. First Golf I've owned but am very happy with it. 4.3
Excellent all round vehicle, styling classic,  practical, economical ( diesel ), drives well, equipment level very good and price is not to bad either. 4.3
Good performance, economy , comfort and handling for a realistic price. 4.3
This is a very good car indeed, my only one complaint is a loud noice on the rear end which my vw agent think is  tyre noice, but I dont know & are not sure.. 4.3
Good solid reliable car. Feel safe as a lady driver driving it and its also very spacey inside & comfortable. Good on diesel.  4.3
Brilliant car 4.3
All four doors have encountered locking mechanism problems which were costly to repair. Various other technical issues have arisen from time to time, some of which resulted in expensive annual service bills. Otherwise, it's economical, powerful and a great drive. 4.3
45-mpg around town 50-mpg motorway driving. Very reliable never had a single problem in 4years. 4.3
Very competent car, it does everything you need it to in a reliable, comfortable and economical way. Just a little boring. Very difficult to find a justification for selling it other than simply I wanted a change and I had the money to change.  4.3
Love this car - we have two golfs in our household - what more can you say to that!!!!! 4.3
4 years of happy motoring with this car. Only selling because of a growing family.  4.3
young man's car! 4.3
This car is great to drive, it handles superbly round corners. The power it has is probably actually too much for it's size and weight, particularly in 1st gear as wheel spins were a regular occurance. saying that in the higher gears it just takes off as required. Heaed seats were great in the winter time, as was the 'winter' button which cuts the revs and lets you get through the snow. I had no reliability issues at all in the 4 years I had the car, doing c.70k miles in that period. Fuel economy was excellent also, highly recommended. 4.3
Very good all round family car, good comfort and space. 4.3
Part exed this car for a new VW 2.0 GT TDI 5dr in July 2011 at PULMANS of Durham. This is the 4th VW GOLF I have owned and would highly recommend them to anyone,hence the reason I continue to own one. 4.3
We regularly achieved 50 - 60 mpg without dribving carefully. 4.3
I love this car , fast , economical, reliable. I would get another one ! 4.3
GTTDI. Very good car, great drive, performance and practicality. A few reliability issues recently but nearly ten years old and well over 100k miles so to be expected. Hold their value as well. Would recommend.  4.3
The 2 lt 140 ps G.T MODEL i own is an excellent car and sets the standard for build quality. 4.3
Good car and great economy, never broken down but constantly spending money on it.Not as well built as i hoped for.Many parts gone faulty and expensive to fix.within 3 months of buying it from a Smith Knight Fay dealer, the wiring went faulty and i had to pay as it wasn't covered by the warranty.Also the paint peeled off on the rear tail gate and i had to pay for that even though when the paint work was tested it wasn't painted correctly when made, paint should be 150 microns thick and was 107microns so probably wouldn't buy another because of this.VW will get out of paying for anything if they can.  4.3
Reliable with great engine. Good to drive whether on Motorway, down country lanes or in city centre.  4.3
Utterly reliable with economy and performance . 4.3
Great car in every way. Suits all needs from young "boy racer", to the elder statesman, won't look out of place in a top notch hotel carpark!! 4.3
Sensors and air conditioning are the weak points.  Over a 5 year ownership the only problems have been a multitude of sensors, two aircon compressors and a feeble starter motor.  The DPF on the 170 GT is a pain if you do a lot of town driving and removal and a re-map releases a HUGE amount of additional power and torque to make it a GTI-killer.  A great drive made better with the DSG gearbox.  I'd certainly buy another. 4.3
Great car 4.3
Although I've had some mechanical issues, I LOVE ths car.. 4.3
Golfs are golfs  4.3
Excellent workhorse 4.3
Buy gti, Sdi good but power not quite there, still a nice drive and reliable.  4.3
Very reliable, 49MPG, Comfortable. If I had to place any constructive criticism on my model golf it would be that it is a little sluggish accelerating to 60mph with more than one person in the car. No Sat Nav as standard, would have liked digital climate control like in the GT model. Also there is no extra heater to clear ice on the main dashboard. 4.3
As the base model, non-turbo diesel, this was under powered, but that didn't stop it from being a relaxed cruiser, great for commuting. No problems keeping up with traffic, although required a bit of work to get it up to speed. And as always, VW specifications and build quality couldn't be faulted. A truely solid car if you just need to get from A to B in comfort. 4.3
when we can afford it we would love to get a newer golf but still a golf 4.3
Very reliable car with an engine that still sounds the same more than four years after purchase. Newer yes but with the same qualities 4.3
After 10 years it drives like a new car. No major problems. One new rear coil spring this year ( blame the potholes! ). Tyre wear quite acceptable. Apart from regular servicing no significant maintenance costs. Maintained by ex Skoda / VW mechanics who run their own business. Much cheaper than main agent 4.3
Great car. Totally reliable. Dog fits in hatchback and back seats go flat for furniture moving or bikes. Highly recommendas family car.  4.3
smooth comfy drive, yes its a diesel but economy, safety and on a motorway, easy driving.  I sold it to get a 5 dr TDI match, as I needed to ferry my mum about and her hips would not allow her to get into the back when others in the car.  Smart car often mistaken for a GTi as only 3 doors, I'd have another tomorrow... 4.3
We had to sell our golf due to new arrival and opted for an estate but would highly recommend. Never let me down as I was up and the country quite a lot. Perfect  4.3
Good reliable car. Will buy another  4.3
Great car, with really quick acceleration and reasonably comfortable, but the sports pack suspension is a bit too firm for me! 4.3
The Germans built excellent diesel U boats, trains and cars during and continue to do so today.    I considered a while ago to sell my  VW Golf GT TDI 150 bhp hatchback 2003 YD03JJT, excellent condition, tested  until October 2014, taxed March 2014.   My wife said "Boys and toys, "NO" I fell safe and secure in it".   If I win  the iPhone5S, Xbox One or PS4 will it they be as good / reliable as my wife's car?.   Oh by the way everybody has a price, make her an offer!!!!!! 4.3
206K miles - enough said 4.3
Excellant car with a number of good improvemnts on the previous model - well worth a test drive. 4.3
Great reliable car. Gt tdi, sports car performance with diesel economy and vw reliability. Would recommend  4.3
Intermittent problems experienced with the clutch leading to full clutch replacement. Otherwise a reliable car replaced after 10 years with latest model.  4.3
Great solid car which is very reliable and looks good still, even at 11 years old.  A great investment if you are looking to keep the car for a few years. 4.3
Good alround vehicle not flash but solid an very reliable  4.3
Best car I have ever bought. So reliable cheap to maintain ,service and spares . 140000 miles and still as tight as a drum! 4.3
This car is better built than the more recent Golfs and in my opinion is a rare gem! 4.3
I enjoy driving my car 4.3
Beautiful car - VW has 30+ years of constant improvement in this car and it shows!  4.3
I have had this car for more than 8 years and it has done over 140k miles. It is a great car and still drives beautifully. I would recommend it to anyone considering this type of car. 4.3
Actually I don't have a diesl one but I do have a 1.4 petrol runabout and a 2.8 litre V6 4 motion which has been horrendous electrically. Still awesome to drive. My son has got a diesel one for which the postcode entered must be referred to alyhough I'm still the documented owner. For a car that's done in excess of 200K miles there are no complaints. 4.3
Hate the thought of changing this motor but I already know I'm buying a Volkswagen golf.. 4.3
The vehicle always gives me above 550 miles for a full tank of fuel. 4.3
Great car which we really loved . Very practical, and good fun. 4.3
Owned a 110 gttdi for 10 years never let us down. Remapped the car myself wich acheived 63mpg on the motorway and in 100k mile is all i did was regular servicing and mots.  It needed a clutch at 50k miles and i changed the battery and shocks at about 80k tyres cost less than 200 pounds a set even for branded tyres such as avon e.t.c best car we hav ever owned. Generally the finish still looked great at almost 14 years old although the drivers seat was wearing a bit thin on the side bolster.   Parts are cheap and maintenance very easy for the large part of it.  4.3
This is the most solid and reliable car I have owned. It's got the classic shape, even if it's not as tidy as it used to be, but it keeps on going. It's quick, yet doesn't gulp the diesel and is brilliant on a long run. Those Germans know how to build a motor. 4.3
This car has served me well for the past  8 years. Ithas never failed to start. Ithas never broken down,and has proved to be the most reliable and econmical car I have ever owned. All that it has needed are New break Pads One new batery,and new tyres The performance from the 1.9(fantastic) 4.3
Good cruising car  4.3
Very comfortable car.   Good fuel economy.  If I ever could afford it I would definitely buy a Golf.   They are built to last. Frank 4.3
Lovely car as always room for improvement until it is free to run  4.3
its a great car but expensive to run as its a 2ltr 4.3
reliabilty without the frill's,great to drive,thinking about the new golf,it's my 7th volkswagen 4.3
Really enjoy my golf which I bought new but what happened to them holding their value ??,  I looked to change to a new golf estate due to change in circumstances and the dealer wanted me to loose 7.5k in 9months therefore, I still have the hatchback. As I could not afford to loose that amount of cash. 4.3
A great driver's car.  Quiet and comfortable but very quick when required.  Pretty much a Q car - just what I like. 4.3
My mk5 golf gti 210 bhp was fast great to drive , exciting , and Being White with 18 inch Monza wheels was sexy as hell ! turned heads ,was second hand but just a demonstration car ,when I got it I found that the gears crunched in 2 and 3 going up throu them , the garage didn't believe a women could possibly know anything was wrong with her next to new car haha had that sorted at garage took three weeks because of availability as it was a new model ,had to send abroad for the parts ,I had a loan car , later had two other problems which were done under warrenty not biggies but annoying ,had the car three years loved it and when I upgraded to a 3 series BMW Msport they had to prise the key outta my hand I'll tell you , it also had a vibration in the dash right hand side of steering wheel where the wires took some finding the garage said it was a characteristic for the car in other words they weren't prepared to have a look even ! Over all I'd have another and recommend them for the sheer fun I had driving it .  4.3
A very good all round car with good resale value. Have bought another, same spec. 4.3
4th VW Golf we have had; not as luxurious as a BMW (our other car) but very good to drive. Only fault is dodgy Accelerator Assembly: had it changed twice in 3 years!  4.3
Love it so going for new model 4.3
Highly recomended the Golf 1.4TSI SE, good level of spec, the engine is smooth and powerfull and returns 42mpg on average. 4.3
Great car 4.3
vw cars most reliable on the road,had six never any problems 4.3
Cool 4.3
Great car, the 1.4 engine is not powerful but a great runaround, the comfort is second to none and in 3 years never had a problem.  4.3
Great car, the 1.4 engine is not powerful but a great runaround, the comfort is second to none and in 3 years never had a problem.  4.3
Great car, the 1.4 engine is not powerful but a great runaround, the comfort is second to none and in 3 years never had a problem.  4.3
Great car, the 1.4 engine is not powerful but a great runaround, the comfort is second to none and in 3 years never had a problem.  4.3
Good all round vehicle - fun on your own whether blasting along twisty back roads or cruising on the motorway - capable of transporting 5 adults - practical hatchback - four wheel drive makes easy going of slippery conditions - understated high performance in a very practical form........ 4.3
Bought the car brand new and 8 years on has never let me down. Starts first time, every time regardless of weather conditions and is a great drive. 4.3
A few common faults with the car such as the fuel pipes problem.  But nevertheless definitely a good purchase had the car since 2008 and never had a problem  4.3
So sure footed in poor conditions a real mile chewer especially cross country, yet the carrying capacity of a larger car. 4.3
great car so much fun but with reliability and practicality too!! 4.3
A perfect town and motorway car. 4.3
Very versatile, reliable car.  Owned since new and had 6 years of trouble free motoring 4.3
Very reliable with good handling could do with a bit more power  4.3
I am over 60 and still love my cars. The Golf GTi is by far the bast I have owned and driven. I have had other sports cars in the past including 2.5L Vauxhall, 2.5L BMW and Seat FR, all of which were fast and good to drive BUT the Golf has the upper hand in every respect. My next car will be another GOLF. 4.3
The Golf Gti is an excellent car for either cruising about or driving it to experience the excellent engine. It is a true all rounder. The parts replaced have been due to everyday wear and not part failure.  4.3
A great car,  don't remap it 4.3
Definitely the best value for money car overall that I have owned for performance, style, reliability and comfort! Mine has done ?113,000 miles and still going perfect!  4.3
Great car .... A bit juicy but if you drive carefully its ok ....but who wants to drive this car carefully .... 4.3
Can be a bit uncomfortable on bumpy roads due to the firm suspension. Too much electronics that can go wrong, low to ground be careful on speed humps. Good grip direct steering and excellent brakes, good turn of speed. 4.3
Great car to drive and relusnle 4.3
Good but electrics can be a let down. 4.3
Reliable, well built car with superb handling. 4.3
I LOVE THE GOLF, EVERY TIME I DECIDE TO BUY A NEW CAR IT IS ALWAYS THE GOLF I CHOOSE. 4.3
I have had this car since new Sept 2005 and it has been an excellent car-it pays to keep it regularly serviced and in good order. I am about to sell it and will go for another VW as they are very well built. 4.3
We have owned an R32 from new  for seven years now, it's been totally reliable, great fun with a cracking residual value.  4.3
Fantastic grip, great handling and high level of standard equipment. Economy average but it is a 3.2. V6 has a glorious sound! 4.3
Very good car. Still feels like new despite being 10 years old. 4.3
An easy car to live with, does everything you expect and nothing you don't. 4.3
Nice car. 4.3
Bought this car 4 years ago, it's an O4 plate so getting on a bit now but has been ultra reliable. Has been serviced every year but never gone wrong. Comfortable, quick when needed but not excessively so - I would definitely buy another petrol golf 4.3
I have been very pleased with this car's performance & reliability. 4.3
once you have owned a vw you won't want anything else !  4.3
Quick off the mark, easy to park, handles well.  4.3
Excellent car, reliable and fun to drive. Future classic  4.3
Yes good 4.3
Bought it brand new and had loads fall off the interior 4.3
wolf in sheeps clothing!!! 4.3
Solid, reliable with great acceleration and bombproof on the motorway 4.3
Possibly pne of vw's finest creations 4.3
A cracking car, well built, but heavy rolls a little in the bends and due to the weight not the fastest off the starting line.  Good economy 50mpg on motorway routes which is excellent for a 1.6 16V, and internally well kitted out.  A decent sound system that can be turned up with no distortion, really comfy seats, front and rear armrests with storage and adjustable cupholders front and rear electric widows front and back.  Moving onto bodywork very resistant to corrosion with none apparent on a 2001 model great paint work that still holds its metallic shine.  On the whole a well rounded 5 Star Encap safety rated car with good specs on the se version,only problems in 100,000 miles of motoring was a EGR valve costing ?180, and air-intake butterfly valve costing ?438 to fix.  4.3
My Volkswagen is a very reliable car and also cheap on parts its never let me down. 4.3
Had this car from new and not really had any problems over the 13 years. Had a problem with coil packs breaking down in first 2 months but fixed under warranty. This was a VW & Audi documented problem at the time. Cambelt tensioner idler pulley collapsed about 4 years into ownership but amazingly still drove to VW workshop. New battery fitted 2 months ago...yes old one lasted 13 years.Bodywork & Paint no problems. very good fuel consumption 47 mpg on 20 mile trip. Does 34 plus on shortish local use. Can't complain been a good car.  4.3
VW are very relaible and a good versale all round family car. 4.3
Great car 4.3
Great car but auto gearbox is a problem when I goes wrong. 4.3
Any lack of economy on short journeys is more than compensated by the confidence in its reliability 4.3
Solid, reliable, a pleasure to drive! 4.3
this car was by far my favourite. great sound from the v5 motor and exceptional driving along with comfort. th eonly down side was fuel costs if you have a heavy right foot :-). my car had 136000 miles on the clock and was still going strong!!  4.3
Brilliant wee car - Very reliable - Highly recommended +++++ 4.3
Just find the car to be a be sluggish at times other wise a very good car. 4.3
We thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our Golf 2.0 GTI 5 Door 115 bhp, especially on our annual trip to our house in Liguria. It was powerful and fast. We have part exchanged it for a nearly new Polo Diesel Hatchback 1.2 TDI BI for its Blue Motion technology. Although it doesn't have the power of our Golf, it has the VW virtues of safety and good cruising performance, and it's extraordinarily cheap to run. 4.3
Very reliable cars, I've owned 2 and never had a problem with either of them.    4.3
Golf GTi turbo injection,  leather interior and a sony sound system wow 4.3
VW just continue to prove they are world best at building reliable, economic and great looking vehicles. 4.3
Ive had several golfs from mk1 to mk6 and loved them all 4.3
Wicked motor,have had 5 so far and they just keep getting better. 4.3
Loved my car but very expensive to buy new. 4.3
A Great runner. 4.3
its a great little run around love mine 4.3
I love it .  4.3
Put the right set of tyres on and it'll handle like a dream. Some of the cars electronic sensors are a bit 'fragile' and prone to telling you there's something wrong when there's not. Great car to drive though and fun on the back roads. 4.3
it,s fast top block top gear box for the money nice drive allover and the room in the back sick: room for two .and all the fishing gear you need for a week in FRANCE and gets you there at 140  and still stick,s like a slag 100% on the stars over 4.3
132765 miles on the clock and it still scares the crap out of me................................AWSUME CAR 4.3
bought a v6 4motion 6 years ago. it's now 11 years old.fast,safe,practical well made and fabulously reliable..the best ?4000.00 I've ever spent.five mots all its had is one set of tyres and regular services. Awsome car 4.3
The golf v6 4motion is so well built and just a great car to drive. Love it. 4.3
I have same car but in 02 registration. I bought a diesel car.  4.3
Was a great runner very reliable  4.3
I was the owner of my beautiful vw golf 1.6sr tuned to 150bhp..really great on the road with good fuel economy...a perfect youngster car with great spirit in its engine and makes you feel alive when you put your foot down when leaving from the traffic lights...really enjoyed the ride everytime i drove...i would strongly recommend this car. 4.3
A very reliable car.  4.3
I owned this car for 11 years and only sold it to replace it with a late low mileage Mk 5. My Mk 3 was a late1997 GTi model and a cherished car having covered only 60000 miles in 14 years ! The local VW dealer would borrow that car to put in the showroom for New Model Launches.  Naturally the above Reg. Plate is now on my later model ! 4.3
A great reliable and fun little pocket rocket, makes you smile every time you drive it, not the quickest these days, but 35mpg and still capable of showing 120mph. The ride is a bit firm, and there is some wind noise at higher speeds compared to more modern cars, but you smile every time you drive it, and it's never ever broken down on me. Everyone should have a Golf GTi at some time in their life! 4.3
its n old faithfull, i love it. 4.3
Great car 4.3
This was a great car to drive. Iwould recommend it to anyone 4.3
Still got it it's a keeper  4.3
Fantastic car. Solid, reliable and genuinely fast. Exciting to drive but can also poodle around happily with a great deal of torque. Just a bit too thirsty when petrol is at a high price. 4.3
A GOOD ECONOMICAL CAR WHICH IS EASY TO DRIVE AND HAS VERY ATTENTION REQUIRED BETWEEN SERVICES. 4.3
If your interested in this car you've done your research, it's certainly not the standard Gti.. A very special limited edition car 4.3
Its been a superb car for my needs (70,000 miles worth) -with roof down capable of taking everything from wardrobes to beds and numerous sacks of garden rubbish - on a warm day with roof down nothing better. Quite pokey in acceleration and a top speed of at least 70mph (in fact much more but who needs that). So far very reliable and now depreciation has reached rock bottom -low running  costs. Not sophisticated by today's standards but who cares. 4.2
I loved that car but had to sell as I couldn't afford to keep it at the time. I would love to buy it back though and have it now.  4.2
Very roomy for a smallish estate car, boot is fairly deep but could do with being a bit wider. Bluemotion version comes with start/stop, tinted windows and alloys as standard and fuel economy is excellent.  4.2
Very reliable car, spacious and comfortable. 4.2
I love golf blue motion, better fuel efficiency great drive and loads of space in estate. I recommend this. 4.2
Solid, funtional and very reliable cars, cheap to run too. A great family car and general run around work horse... and doesn't look bad either. I had one for 3 years, picked it up when it was 10 years old and had no problems what's so ever with it. Recommend  4.2
Great car which I ran over over 10 years, 130000+ miles. Sold to a local driver last year and still going. 4.2
100,000 miles and still going strong, pulls like a train. 80mpg on a run , so why is tax on this old car so high when its economy is so good and its obviously better for the environment as its still in use and not needed replacement / scrapping. 4.2
Very reliable,practical and trustworthy car which has served me well.  4.2
I loved this car. 4 doors kept the family happy, 6 speed turbo diesel kept me happy. Nice ride, reliable and good looking.  4.2
Economical car with a good drive and just enough power 4.2
Very good, could co with a bit more sound proofing against road noise.  Otherwise very nice car.   4.2
Great car, easy to drive very economical to run 4.2
A really good reliable family car 4.2
Purchased on a plan 2 years ago that included servicing - it does what it says on the tin. Reliable, safe and comfortable but slightly disappointed with tyre wear - front pair on last legs at under 20k miles. It's not an exciting car but then it doesn't pretend to be. Cylinder head oil seal not doing its job and being replaced under warranty but concerning given the mileage of the car and reputation of the manufacturer. .  4.2
Enjoyable and very reliable car, have had no problems with it.  4.2
Superb,great looks, great handling, need I say anymore 4.2
Good, reliable, sensible car which does have some excitment... 4.2
THis is our 4th family Golf and present model surpasses all.  I have been a company driver and had many other cars from BMW,  Mercedes etc and must say this present Golf exceeds them all in drive  comfort etc. 4.2
its a great little car, bit of an all rounder, seats could be better on a long drive, ipod connection is fab, fuel econ, normally about 55-60 mpg on a run, high 40's around town if you drive steady.  not that exciting to own, but as a functional car,pretty good and hard to fault. 4.2
I liked the look of the new Volkswagen Golf Diesel Hatchback but it was better when we took it for a test drive smooth, comfortable, and plenty of space, great car would recommend this car to anyone who is looking for a new car. 4.2
You feel the quality whenever you sit in it unlike my previous Mazda 6 which rusted very badly after 6 years.there is also a 12 year old vw polo in the family which isn't rusty and is very reliable.  4.2
Not aware of what a pain a DPF was until i bought this car. Its fine if its doing a few miles but if its only doing short journeys and not really warmed up and opened up often the DPF will cause you pain. You have been warned ! 4.2
GT TDI 2.0 - Fast, Economical, Practical, Stylish.  The ONLY drawback is too much power in the wet and the hard ride on bad roads.  Great on the motorway, better on windy A roads.  4.2
Quality german engineering. Cheap to run and fun to drive. 4.2
Steady with the right foot and you've got economy, bit of boot and the car becomes quite nimble. Steering is precise and the handling is good on twisty uneven roads, adverse camber as well on the flat. Won't part with mine until I have too. 4.2
Fantastic driving and also looking car 4.2
Turbos are not as unreliable as many say. Variable vane technology means they are more delicate than some but VW have done alot of work to improve. mine had done 155k with not problems. Regular servicing helps. Suspension is tiringly firm on GT Tdi. Fine in town but jarring on country roads. 4.2
This is the best and costliest car I have ever owed. ABS control unit cooling fans battery timing belt and water pump all replaced. Always had Volvo cars. Last one was an 850 saloon which I kept for 10 years. Not as exciting to drive at the VW GT.  4.2
Performance and economy with a large helping of reliability.... What is there not to love! 4.2
Iv'e owned lots of cars in my driving career. the VW Golf may  be a few ?'s more than your "average" car, but you get what you pay for. the body is still as tight as a drum. It's done 122k and never let me down, still as quick as most cars in its class and well suited to both long  motorway journeys and  town driving returning good economy for a 2 ltr engine.  4.2
I own a MK6 2TDI GT, i think its a great car  4.2
Very good car had no issues other than turbo going at 100k since done 15k no problem 4.2
Best car I've had so far by along way 4.2
GT TDI 170 is a great car with loads of torque far superior to the 140 TDI 4.2
Comment on DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter) : This IS a driving car, if it has a good blast every so often the Filter clears itself. It only causes problems if the car is just used for pottering 4.2
the golf sdi 2005 is only around 90bhp not a lot of power. but as with all golfs ;ultra reliable, comfortable nice to drive. 4.2
I simply LOVe this car!! 4.2
Have owned the car from new, driven it every day, now has 117k on it, never let me down. Have had some issues which have been readily fixed by VAG under warranty. Most important to me safe, reliable family transport, 5 star ncap and guaranteed 50mpg. 4.2
Good runner, had replacement parts and services to the car as and when needed.  A good car for someone.. Spare ECU TO BOOT!  4.2
Had my Golf SDi from new to 180,000 miles over 10 years and never had a problem, which is why I have a Golf TDi and expect to get another 9 years and 150,000 miles without a problem.  Simple! 4.2
I've used and abused my golf for nearly 80,000 miles and it's taken everything I've thrown at it. It's been a superb car. The 1.9tdi engine from the VW Audi group is still one of the best Diesel engines out there. 4.2
My 2003 VW Golf GT-TDI 150bhp has been fantastic! I used it to commute London - Oxford for 7 years, so mileage is now around 190,000 and it is still going strong. On that trip (admittedly almost all motorway) I used to get 45-50 mpg, without driving with fuel conservation in mind. It is a great drive, comfortable and with plenty of power to get out of any difficult situations if you need it. It has always started first time, never broken down, and did well on the few occasions I had to deal with snow.  The only major work in all that time was having the tappets replaced; everything else (clutch, gearbox etc) are the originals and still working smoothly. It is past its best now, and there is a problem with water getting in somewhere,  so sadly it is probably time for it to go. But  If VW was still making them (with some modern add-ons. I guess), I'd be very tempted to go out and get another! 4.2
Great car, a bit short on power but amazing fuel economy and reliability  4.2
great car.fun and frugal. 4.2
Great Car, Great Drive and cheap to run. The MK5 may handle better but the build quality is way short of the Mk4 and also does not look so good. The longevity of these cars is amazing. 150k and still looks and drives like new. 5 star recommend. Would buy one any time 4.2
Great car, no problems. 11 years old and pulls like a train.  4.2
 I always used golf for the last 20 years never had a problem with them  now I upgraded to GT sport 140hp 4.2
Used as a 2nd car 4.2
Great car, reliable and good fuel economy. 4.2
The only thing with my golf that's not right or brakes down is the driver 4.2
We have had golfs loved them all! 4.2
Had mine for almost 10 years and apart from a few minor problems along the way, it still drives great. 4.2
Great car reliable  4.2
We imported the car from Holland, saving ?7000. Totally reliable, economy c40mpg. Heated leather seats have been a must when doing Meals on Wheels in winter. Tyre wear excellent on Goodyears. Comfortable at all times, including trips to Spain - much better than Mercedes C- Class. Aircon very efficient. Performance adequate - cruises at 85-90 all day. Servicing by local garage very reasonable. Only big expense was changing timing belt at 60,000 - now done 95,000. Insurance is cheap -?200pa. We will keep the car until it fails and then buy a Q3 4.2
Great car, I picked up one cheap that was battered but was still a great runner. Never had any problems with it. Had to get rid as insurance went up. :( 4.2
My Golf 1.8 GTI Petrol is not an estate, just a regular 5 door hatchback. It's quite fast - goes fast like sh*** off a shovel.   Fun to drive, solid as a rock and handles my daily grind on the M4 doing around 25 miles a day over a total of 2 hours.  It has 170,000 miles on the clock. I got the timing belt done in the first week of purchase when it had 153 on the clock. Other hatchbacks feel flimsy  in comparison, however I have to be realistic, It is a group 30 so high on insurance and vehicle tax is ?142 every 6 months (Runs end of October) OUCH.  Features: front airbags, heated seats, drinks holders, electric windows, electric wing mirrors, comfy sports seats, Panasonic stereo, roomy boots space, alloys, air con, central locking, parking sensors (fitted two years ago).  Could do with - fan switch, new gear knob, new front spoiler. 4.2
It has 65,000 milage and only 2 owners, no rust as kept under cover? Had new clutch etc recently just needs a new tyre and we will put her back on the road for my mum. 4.2
I'm very attached to this car  4.2
Quiet and comfortable, excellent around town and on the motorway. 4.2
Just about to sell car , so gutted to see it go!!! 4.2
Good reliable dependable car 4.2
comfort and quality is excellent economy about 40 mpg lacks power but is perfect for short trips to work and town 4.2
I would recommend a golf. Better NOT to buy a tsi engine as more things can go wrong. 4.2
I love my Car.   4.2
Now nearly 7 year old and not a rattle in sight. Still great to drive and I love the DSG gearbox. Looks cool goes well and still can fit 4 people comfortably. Excellent  4.2
Great to drive!! Love it so much  4.2
This is our fourth Golf and I would have no hesitation buying another. 4.2
A very reliable and safe car 4.2
I have a new Golf every two years and would not have anything else having had Renaults, Fiats and a Jaguar in the past. 4.2
Apart from its drivability etc, its haulage space is excellent 4.2
Just love VW Golf  4.2
Well worth it!!  4.2
Fuel economy round town is about 20mpg though. 4.2
BUT DON'T KEEP IT MORE THAN 5 YEARS BECAUSE YOU WILL SEE BODY PANEL RUST !! 4.2
Great drivers car very comfortable. Plenty of go bottom end.  4.2
Awesome. 4.2
Great German engineering , all you need for a small car /family run about plus when it needs it plenty of punch.  4.2
A very good reliable car that never let us down once 4.2
I am very impressed with the VW Golf it is a great car to drive, comfortable and reliable, only had to have an injector fitted in 3yrs. I am a little dissapointed in the fuel consumption which wasn't as good as expected.  4.2
Best car ive ever had by far! 4.2
Gti model is the near 4.2
Lovely Car!  4.2
Great car, loved every moment of driving it. Only issues I had were the obvious - the car is heavy, mainly weighed down by the 4MOTION system installed. The engine note was fantastic, as per the exhaust note. I would highly recommend a remap of these cars, however - the power delivery after a remap will change the car completely and make it much more enjoyable to drive. Epic in the wet, and simply fantastic fun in the dry, and it looks great to boot. I would always recommend this car. 4.2
Broom broom  4.2
Great comfort, instantly 'feel at home' in the Golf. Lots of space in  cabin and boot. A pleasure to drive and reliable - what more do you need? 4.2
I must say v w build a great car in the golf, but, all other car makers are looking cool, v w are looking like there not taking any risks, look at citrons  new small cars 4.2
great car all round its a VW.WHAT MORE COULD YOU SAY  4.2
I am prejudiced!, I am on my third VW  golf,  and as time goes by, they get better and better. More power to VW's elbow  4.2
A very reliable run around.I have had no problems with the car in the 5 years I have run it.  4.2
My third golf and I really loved it. Only parted with it because of high mileage and I inherited a low mileage car that suited my current needs. 4.2
R32 what a car 4.2
The only real downside to this car is the road tax bracket. But looking at everything else I can live with this. 4.2
I have enjoyed having this golf so much I'm planning on buying another golf in the near future!  (As soon as the funds allow really!) I would recommend 4 doors as with only 2 doors it can be a struggle getting in and out of the back it's abit awkward.   The car feels very solid and I feel safe in this car.  Would recommend and would repurchase :)  4.2
Feels like a safe car from structure but comfortable & responsive 4.2
I owned this car for a year and it has never broke down on me. It has got minor issues but nothing that will cost a lot to repair. Common issues with these include the N0x sensor going off and gear box issues. I would recommend this car to everyone because it is very fun to drive.  4.2
great all round mid sized car and very reliable 4.2
Love this car 4.2
A owner off a golf 1.4 I would say that the body is too heavy for the engine. Overall a solid car.  4.2
Be aware of the fuel economy (poor) but as a wolf in sheep's clothing, a fantastic car. Comfortable yet fast enough to scare many other cars with rallying pedigree. 4.2
My Golf is a fantastic car. A very beefy engine but if you drive sensibly you can achieve 40mph. Plus the added bonus of 4 wheel drive, brilliant! Drive as a race car or a Sunday drver it does both. Would recommend. 4.2
This is a great to buy, great drive plenty of power safe and comfortable, def for a golf fan and maintenance is very important as this car needs to be looked after.  4.2
Although my Golf is now getting on a little,it's still a joy to drive and when the time comes will def buy a Golf again,great cars! 4.2
Regarded as a family member she's so reliable! 4.2
Was a great car but glad to have upgraded :) 4.2
Touch wood. NEVER had any problems! 4.2
Great bang for your buck  4.2
great driving car holds the road well superb perfofmance  4.2
Great car bug sold it purely based on fuel economy as its big engine is an alcoholic. Everything else was fantastic !!!! 4.2
This Golf is fantastic. When I sold it, it had done nearly 300,000 miles with very little repair work required. It is still going stong.  4.2
Such a good car !!!  4.2
Great to drive, but takes too much fuel 4.2
The MKIV GTi is a little under powered when compared with other hot hatches and earlier and later golf gti's with only the 2 litre 8 valve engine but as a cruiser it eats up the miles in comfort. It's known for being a bit porky for a GTi so don't expect a light and nimble car, that said it handles well enough with a nice ride. It won't break the bank with insurance or petrol, you can get between 35 and 40 mpg on a motorway rolling at 70.  4.2
Just good car :) 4.2
I LOVED my Golf. So many happy memories during my time as it's owner. Was sorry to let it go but it was going to cost me too much to repair. I hope the new owner loves and enjoys it as much as I did :) 4.2
verry good 4.2
120,000 miles and it still does 40 to the gallon service it regularly and it does not let me down 4.2
A very reliable and versatile vehicle. 4.2
For an all round car, highly recommended. 4.2
Only issue I have, window regulators are a bit of a faf, not standard as like most other cars, other than that, always reliable, starts every time even when left for 2 weeks  4.2
A great no nonsense runabout.  The only monor drawback is that theseats are somewhat firm for some tastes.  The driving position is absolutely brilliant for a short person such as my wife.  Sold it only to buy another (newer and 4 door) version. 4.2
Have owned it since new, regularly serviced by dealership. Has never had any faults or breakdowns. Only 46500 miles on the clock. Good for many more years to come. 4.2
Fantastic car. Will be staying with the GTI for a while yet! 4.2
Awesome cult car! A pleasure to own! 4.2
So much fun! Especially with a stage 1 remap by Revo. Shame about the fuel economy tho! 4.2
pride and joy 4.2
Couldn't fault the car excellent, running costs way to high plus the tax ?245 for 12 months and that was 3 years ago dread to think how much it is now! 4.2
Great car, bit old now so has the usual bits that need doing. However has been very reliable. Powerful engine that makes me smile everytime. Thirsty and not economical but so much fun to drive! 4.2
This is a well built reliable car. Plenty of umph to move you along, without the harsh ride of a GTi or alike. 4.2
goes fast, gets you from A to B and back again. green is a nice colour for this car.  4.2
I find the VW Golf to be extremely reliable and comfortable as well as looking great it is economical and I would recommend VW to anyone. 4.2
It's very nice car, just old. 4.2
Have owned 2 golf's now and can't fault them, with proper maintenance they will just keep on going no matter how many miles you throw at them! Never let me down! Comfortable, spacious but still compact enough to fit in most spaces and gaps!  4.2
A lovely car to drive as it makes the driver feel cossetted and secure. 4.2
I have one very reliable and quick. 4.2
very good and reliable car, 18 years later still drives well and very reliable. Very good body with no rust. Engine is very easy to fix 4.2
very good and reliable,will buy anther vw 4.2
Very reliable car xx cheap and easy to fix xx 4.2
awesome car probably not the best example but all in all great fun to drive especially on a motorway or dual carriageway cruising at 70 mph press the loud pedal drop a gear and yehaa 110+mph comes up in a flash probably not the greatest for the traffic light grand Prix you have to change up pretty quick to stop the wheel spin but all in all a fun little car 4.2
Value for money. 4.2
SADLY WILL BE SOLD (PART EXCHANGED) WITHIN THE NEXT FEW DAYS. 4
For the price theres no better all round convertible on the market! Mine was tweeked and things with a chip and was the fastest 2.0 mark 3 iv ever driven and i have driven a few quick gti's and the like 4
Mine is an old model (1995) & hasn't had regular servicing so now starting to fall apart. The roof leaks so I've had holes drilled in the floor to drain the puddles! I do love it tho & hope to get one more fun summer out of it before it has to go to he scrapyard.  Fuel use is high for me because I use the car mostly for very short trips. My Grandchildren love the car, & squeal with delight when water drips on them as we start our journey:) We Buy Any Car offer my ?25 for this car last year but the scrapyard will give me more than that, eventually, for the alloy wheels on it. 4
a full tank of petrol leaving the wirral half a tank on arrival just outside london can,t be bad 4
My golf  convertible is great to drive but not good on petrol on short runs being a automatic i had the car for 7 years now its not bad for a car thats 17 years old now needs to be taken for a drive on the motorway a few times too open up the engine and get more miles to the gallon.. 4
Most excellent economic nippy motor, I do a lot of driving along very small minor roads working around the parish area.here in North Yorkshire(along the same roads the Tour de France came last year.  By the way the yellow painted bicycles are still hanging from the trees, marking the unique route and in a unique way)  The car faces dips and blind summits in a safe and secure way.  Responding to brakes turns sudden acceleration in a style that engenders confidence.  4
Apart from the headlights, everything about this car is first class. The headlights, however, are dreadful. On dip you can see just in front of the car and full beam does a great job of lighting trees. 4
Great car, but repairs due to age were becoming very expensive, that added with unhelpful and rude staff at the local dealership meant it was time for a different car.   4
Reliable family car. Has been a workhorse very rarely going wrong. 4
Solid car  4
mine was a tatty workhorse ,  old tired & rusty,  the nonturbo diesel just kept on banging away,  bits wore out but were easy to source and replace ,apart from the steering column bareing.  in the state it was in it was more or less worth scrap value but it refused to die, one way or another it was  simple, reliable  transport,   4
Best car ever 4
I love my car wouldn't be without it  4
Overall a very good car for comfort,space,features and performance . 4
Purchased at 6mth old from Benfield. Refused first car as it had not been prepared at all, with trim damage and signs of children in the back - food residue etc! The replacement has been fine. One warranty issue with a filter, repared by Pulman. Had to return it as they had reassembled the car and forgot to reattach the turbo vacuum tube, causing me to limp home a second time! Car great dealers a bit under pressure?  4
Very impressed on open road,not so nice to drive in town 4
Economical and very reliable car. Not as exciting as my previous Golf which was the 1.9 Diesel. 4
Car does what it says. Not sure how reliable the computer is as this is my second golf and the mpg is totally different but the projection per tank is the same . 4
still love driving the golf  4
Best car I've ever had.  Nippy with great torque through the lower ranges, yet very fuel efficient.  Could comfortably hold four adults and the storage space was pretty good too.  Especially loved the integrated media & navigation console - brilliant! 4
Great to drive, just ready for a bit of a makeover on the outside! 4
Very pleased with this car over the 6 years we have had it.  The automatic is  most suitable for the older driver. 4
Overall the car was great. Only had 1 problem with coolant pipe during ownership.  Fuel consumption was around 48mpg in general mixed driving conditions. 4
I loved this car 4
A very solid and reliable car- not great in snow but  you can't have everything! 4
Had a few problems at 20,000 miles. Had to have a new DSG gearbox and new steering rack due to faulty component parts. 4
Fun to drive and killer fuel economy for a car of this year. 4
Great car apart from when the turbo blows after about70,000 miles, quite pricey for new one 4
There's nothing quite like a golf 4
The longest time I have ever kept the same car, over 3 yrs now,more than enough power and speed,only time let me down was flat battery,we'll over 40 mpg around town and above 50mpg motorway  4
127,000 miles and 56mpg on a run - what could be better ? 4
Great car, very reliable  4
I love my golf but since the day i bought it I have had nothing but trouble, back passenger door opens when it feels like it, 2xpetrol pumps, loads of stuff, however when it's going it's the most fun to drive very comfortable not bad on fuel if driven correctly 4
Good car, done his job. To many problems over the years. Is over rated. 4
Car was great until warranty ran out, now it's just 1 headache after another and they're always expensive ones....?790 for a reconditioned turbo to be fitted!! 4
I would not hesitate to recommend a mk5 VW golf 1.9 tdi to anyone looking for a reliable comfortable and economic car. I currently average 48-52 mpg combined. Service parts are cheaper than the competion, and my opinion the build quality out does the competion too.  You may pay a little more for a golf than the nearest rival but you'll get a lot more car for your money. Plus they do hold there value.    4
This was a very reliable car with great fuel economy, once it got going the power was there but it just took a while to get there. Great family car that pulled a small caravan well whilst maintaining around 35-40 mpg. 4
Reliable family car with comfort, room and reasonable economy for the size of car. Recommend it to all. 4
Comfortable, reliable. Good steady runner. 4
There is no such thing as the perfect car but this comes very close considering it is nearly ten years old. 4
Had no issues with car since I have had it (touch wood!) and although I sometimes wish it had a little more poke I would definitely recommend a golf to anyone.  4
The MK4 GT TDI Golf is a great car & very reliable if looked after. There is no reason a well looked after & serviced MK4 GT TDI can't go on to do 300,000 miles. I did approx: 100,000 miles in mine when i owned it & enjoyed every minute of it.   4
The car itself it a great one for a 1st time car or for someone who likes to nip around town, its comfy all the dials and switches are easy to use and figure out my only problem with it is it is a little underpowered for the motorway if you need a quick burst of speed for overtaking it just isnt capable especially on hills but for the fuel economy its a trade off some people can live with. 4
Love it, and have decided NOT to sell it for the time being.  4
5stars 4
Once you drive it you realise what reliability and safety means . The whole Volkswagen experience is excellent from the build quality to the service in a VW dealership. 4
This is my second golf. I love my car and would choose a golf again if I were to buy a new one. 4
good.  4
Good reliable easy to drive everyday car 4
Have a go on one 4
Extremely reliable car. 4
Very well made and reliable car that is great to drive. 4
I enjoyed this car the only issue with the golfs is the central locking it was like having a pPoltergeist in the car, the locks would click up and down while driving and would lock sometimes and not others and towards the end I had to climb in the boot to get in , i'm not the only one who had this problem with a golf, that aside I loved it!!! 4
Solid, economical, practical and nippy. Decent build quality and some really nice interiors about if you look for a leather one. Quick for a diesel and fairly economical even when you have your foot down. 4
Bullet proof reliability and great build quality as apposed to the MK5 and onwards which I'm not so impressed with. Avaerage MPG 55.  4
I always trust VW so I bought a new VW Golf BlueMotion 1.6SE last October. I enjoy having this car especially cruise control along motorway and find better comfort and drive position than my previous Golf 1.9SE. One thing unsure about this new one is fuel economy - producing around 54 mpg not 74mpg claimed in most of car buying magazines. Also this is less than my large-engined previous one producing 59mpg! I hope fuel economy in my new car will improve over the time. 4
I OWNED ONE OF THESE CARS , SO I FEEL  QUALIFIED  TO COMMENT. I NOW OWN  A 2LTR PASSAT TDI ESTATE ,WHICH I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH. 4
As a second hand car this is a great choice. I was still getting 55/60 mpg and it was 15 years old. This model year had great engines and a sturdy gearbox and the only issue I ever had was occasionally with the turbo. I would definitely recommend Golf's of any age due to the reliability and the fact that they still feel solid even years down the line. They do have potential to rust around the base of the doors so somwthing to keep an eye on.  4
I have found mine very reliable but does tend to drink oil despite having had it checked to see if there is a fault and being told there isnt one.Great space for large loads...or two very large dogs1 4
A good car with plenty of room in the estate boot, barely less than a Passat.  Great flexibility with the seats down but also plenty of power to tow a trailer.  I was pleased with my Golf Estate but it did suffer from a number of electrical problems, particularly with the windows and a leaky sunroof. 4
Great ride, comfy and easy to replace parts. 4
Love this car, amazed at how it still fits the family of 4 on self-catering hols etc. 4
It has to be one of the best hot hatches you could buy. My opinion - either this Golf R or A45 AMG 4
Love it!!!  4
Comfortable and quiet well put together pity about the vw garages  4
Great car 4
added extras = under seat draws to both front seats Leather steering wheel and gear handle tyre pressure alert front and back parking sensors 4
Best car I have ever had, reliable, comfortable, economical and just fast enough. Highly recommend.  4
disappointed with volksvaghen dealer " Martins of Basinstoke " lack of interest. 4
Nice car little heavy which you can feel through the corners  4
The Car Is Great What You See Is What U Get,I Wouldn't Mind Upgrading To A Tsi Or Gti But Apart From That The Car Is Great 4
Exciting on little country lanes flying round tight corners but trundled along on motorway. Only had little engine but it got going eventually. 4
Paintwork as new - no scrapes or bumps - driven with care 4
Getting average of 50 miles to the gallon 4
A good solid car, good looking, reliable and durable, still in excellent condition at just over five years old . 4
I love it, it's perfect for me.  And not only that, but Jeremy Clarkson loves them too, and that doesn't happen often! 4
I don't think that the VW Golf could be called exciting, but it is a good solid car which consistently does everything that a owner could wish for. There are many more exciting cars to own and drive but none can better the overall Golf package. 4
only complaint is the rns510 satnav the fan is very noisy, had it checked but was told this is the norm ,some are less noisy some are more 4
Small car, huge impact. Very well balanced. Fantastic soundtrack. 4
Great all round car performance wise and in general. Would recommend to anyone looking for a reliable car. 4
Disappointed when oil pump failed just out of warranty,  even though car was serviced regularly. Apparently it was a "known issue" with that type of DSG model. Other than that a fantastic drive. I Do miss it.  4
I'm now on my 4th Golf. I love the solid build quality. Fun to drive. The only minus is the seat comfort, My present car is a TDI Bluemotion. Economical but not  boring to drive 4
A well made car and good to drive but the older ones suffer from irritating  warning light glitches and some corrosion on the wheel arches. The new ones set the standard for medium hatchbacks. Recommended   4
Such a good reliable car very tolerant of my sometimes less than sensitive gear choices. Solid and safe. 4
great car, great drive, just a little noisy! 4
A great car totally reliable great to drive very sad to see it go. 4
Trusty small tank which drives me. Very solid performance . Best feature is the boot- I love it?  4
I had 10 years of trouble free motoring, great car. 4
Execellent first car 4
4th golf I have had would not drive anything else  !! 4
Excellent car, bought a newer used diesel golf to upgrade. 4
Car is in very good condition, very reliable and drives like a dream. I would recommend this to anyone and everyone. It's just a shame with the fuel prices but this is out our control :-) 4
Amazing car, good all rounder, traded mine in for another golf, a gt tdi, another great car!! 4
I. Have owned a golf for a couple of years now. And overall. It's a great car. And made to a high standard. Well done v w. For a great car!! 4
I have recently just bought as newer car polo a replacement for my golf! I loved this car and I am in the process of selling it. I purchased it 7 years ago it was a category D write off however this car has been 100% loyal and satisfactory guaranteed!!!!  But six year itch crept in time for a change...  4
I have owned Mk 2 driver, Mk 4  1.6 Match petrol  and two 1.9 Gt Tdi diesels and all have given good service. A VW will give long service and reliability as long as they are regularly serviced and you don't have to pay expensive main dealership rates to keep them on the road. Genuine VW parts are often no more expensive than other makes and if you are prepared to do some of the small repairs or service yourself these cars are worth investing in.    4
The electrical faults are a pain and quite expensive to replace but still love my VW Golf 4
The golf is a gret car which is continuously evolving.. we have anew one on order which will be our 4th Golf.. 4
Hi,we've had the car for about 9 years,what can i say,what a brilliant car. usual wear and tear that's expected,for a car of this year. Did'nt like the new shape mk5,my friend bought it,and had lots of electric problems. So we bought an audi,same german brand,wow what a car. 4
Hi,had this car from new,and for the price of that year...........wow what a bargin,loved driving this car, everything i needed worked for me and my family. I also recommended this car to my friends as well, gave them a test drive as well, and they liked it so much they purchased one as well. My only wish was for vw to carry on making mk4 shape golf's. Did'nt really like mk5 golf,so i settled for an audi a3,and wowsers even better then the golf. For me i think i have the german brand bug......;) 4
Great car, very reliable and great on fuel. It's still my first car and I love it to bits.  I think I like the German cars, will be buying another VW in the future  4
Here is a Mk4 golf with 4-wheel drive and one of vw's more powerful engines. It really is a 'wolf in sheep's clothing', innocuous and very usable though a bit 'thirsty'. Sadly, no longer made (except in R32 form for 'boy-racers').  4
Great car  4
The comments above are based on the Golf mark 4. 4
I loved my Golf but alas I had to get a bigger car to accommodate my four children. My time will come again! 4
It may not have DAB but it has a tape player. Very, very reliable. 4
had one for 10 years and had untroubled,safe and economical driving experience. 4
other than the fuel it is a great car and look great still  4
I'm having regular battery issue's which is putting a damper on my enjoyment of the Golf.Other than that I love it but need to switch to diesel now I'm doing more miles to get to work.  4
I wanted an automatic tx for health reasons. I previously had had an auto audi (with my ex). Now I definitely wanted a Golf. So I was delighted to get this: one lady owner full service history from a VW dealer at Fort Kinnaird, Edinburgh. I felt safe in this car and comfortable but I fancied a Golf Plus later. I should say for a female driver the Golf is possibly rather heavy and the automatic gearbox is also: given hills; traffic lights; parking you are using the gears quite a bit. My ex owns this now! He likes golfs. 4
I sold it two years ago but had at least 5 people wanting to buy it and I sold it for ?400 over the list price 4
Above all reliable and a pleasrure to drive 4
Get about 350 motorway miles to a ?60 tank of petrol. Never had any problems with the car, and reasonably comfortable for a car of it's size. 4
Never needed any expensive repair fun car to drive even at 13 years old 4
I had this car for 15 years and I enjoyed driving and going places with it which included: Devon, Somerset, Lake District, North and South Wales and Scotland. I went three or four times to these places. It was garaged for over 75% of its life so it remained in very good condition. When I exchanged it in 2014 the dealer thought it was great car for its age. I did most of the servicing myself and was only in garages when it came up for an MOT.  4
12 years old...107k miles....all original, even the exhaust! 20v turbo, petrol.....goes very well for an old one!  4
The mk 4 golf is a small family car the size inside is stupid I have gone back to mk3 as there are more roomie.. It was fun to drive but too many faults for my liking the back passenger foot well when it rains it gets full off water brakes are a pain to bleed head lights aren't great if I didt have a big family this car is great in two door not four the boot is ok size with the extra air bag in passenger side there is no leg room if you more seat back there's not leg room for someone behide them.... 4
Good car 4
Trusty golf very reliable even at 100k ,few annoying electrical problems ,still looks modern stylish , 35 plus mpg 4
I loved this car till after 150 000+ miles it died and was scrapped, a true workhorse - only 1 clutch replacement after years and years of being slogged through loads of motorways in the early years it's life and loads of town driving in the latter - highly recommended and sadly missed! Enjoy driving around those clouds with the cute top-down convertables like you deserve. 4
I have driven this car over the years and its a beauty.....very reliable and well made and safe. 4
Good reliable car 4
This car will just go on and on forever if you look after it properly! Very relible, good on fuel and an overall good car. 4
Great allround car that won't disappoint. 4
So much fun and a trusty 3 peaks companion!! 4
Typical solid VW Build with a throaty strong V5 engine  - true wolf in sheeps clothing. 4
I have been very satisfied with my golf and have had it from new.  It is not the easiest of cars to park but it has been very reliable and very comfortable.  The gear change on my car is not the easiest of gear changes. 4
164000 miles so far and I didn't encounter any major issues. It still runs like a Swiss clock and the car is getting close to 14 years old. The stereo is a factory Bose system and delivers the same way as if u were in a Cathedral. Handling is a bit flotty in the curbs and could be sharper. Otherwise the value of that car goes beyond its cost by far 4
have driven a golf happily for 14 years soI know what I'm talking about! 4
The main dealers are to expensive, however, it is a great car. I would just say the electrics need looking at by Audi because I have seen a few electric problems with them. 4
Its a well built car thats reliable.  4
Awesome car! Shame about fuel but everything else out ways that.  4
my car has gone round the clock i have put 70.000 on it and still getting  44mpg on a run when i go to my daughters round trip of a[prox 300 miles still dowing  the oil changes my self ect everry year ?aprox ?30 for the parts wood like to have had 4inch on the head room hight can still kick it up the backside and get a lot more if needed narr-narr blue light       4
I loved my VW Golf, I took it to a few different places, however the only thing I think that letdown VW is the electrics!! They always seem to get a fault with something, my Golf gained a fault with the ABS light and ignition, sometimes I couldn't start it because the car didn't recognise the key. I have a few friends who have had electric problems, ie widows etc... I love the comfort very good to drive brilliant car, just not there like Audi is, take some notes VW from Audi get the electrics sorted!! 4
Had this car for 13 years from new. It was reliable and a good drive right up to the end. Only sold it because little things were starting to go on it. Have bought another Golf of course!  4
Had 2 of then and were good cars  4
good solid german engine 4
Great car to own and drive...  Mark 3 GTI a brilliant allrounder... 4
Mk3 gti rules 4
Loved this car only sold as I needed to buy a van and yes stuck with volkswagen they are great . 4
This car is very reliable and sturdy for its age. It is a bit of a gas guzzler but then that's expected from a car that's 15 years old! Obviously a newer model is better and will have more mod cons but for an everyday runaround I like this car. 4
Great car great fun and that and 3.2 are the last of the big engines  4
Great reliable car, as served me well.  4
A fantastic car to drive albeit a bit thirsty if you push it. The performance is incredible and the car remains very quiet even at speed. An amazing car for an amazingly low price.  4
The only car that broke down on us for no apparent reason, but I'd still buy another one like a shot. Amazing to drive, understated, great looking, classy take the family everywhere at silly speeds!  Fuel economy not the greatest, but you don't buy a car like this to save the planet, ride can be a bit firm but it is a hot hatch not a 4x4! If you are looking for a hot hatch, this is perfect, as quick as an R32 with better fuel economy. What's not to like?! 4
Car had 134,000 miles on the clock and was written off by a boy racer hitting me from behind at 30mph.  I was gutted. 4
brill car not cost me much money .  but being ?140 six months for tax  and high fuel consumption .   as i need my car for my mother 4
The car was pasted down by my dad, the straight away became my baby, i loved that car it always put a smile on my face it was fun to drive drive loved the sunday night drive through all the back roads with a few friends. It was comfortable, was very reliable. One of the best looking golf's ever made even to this day, was sad to see it go but it was time of something a little bit newer!  4
Car was very reliable. 3.8
Great fuel economy and it's a dub so it's reliable. 3.8
This car was very good.   3.8
good reliable car 3.8
Great car but a little bit underpowered from starts. 3.8
I have had 2 golfs in the past three months, have had a lot of problems with them 3.8
The only adverse comment is that the tray under the engine is too low and catches on any moderately high kerbstones when parking front end first. 3.8
Given the price of the car it lacks the fuel saving technology you would expect.  The car takes along time to reach operating temperature.  Heating dials are poor and hard to read. 3.8
Great car for long journeys. Smooth, comfortable and precise handling. Build quality is excellent and classy understated looks with sporty gt trim makes it stand out from other golfs. The one thing I dislike about this car is that it's far too grown up and doesn't put a smile on your face whilst driving (too serious)  3.8
Great car but not what made out to be, had few faults on mine, one of them extremely expensive 3.8
Good value motor; holds the road well due to low C of G.  Responsive to steering; could be better on fuel economy; feels comfortable to drive and has good all round vision.  From the safety angle....good.  I would buy one again. Roger Mortimer  PS I owned a Golf in the late 70's. 3.8
This was a great if boring car. On a steady run at 60mph you can actually get 70MPG not that that was my thing but i tried it once to see if it was true. I used this car for work travelling 80 miles a day and would easily get 800 miles to a tank, nearly 900 one time. The car is comfortable but slow but what you you expect from a 1.6 TDI. I have up graded to a brand new 2.0 TDI GT Semi Auto and i love it. Great car, decent MPG ( I average about 55 MPG) with a bit of welly for overtaking. A great comfortable family car, looked at a GTD but not worth the extra money as only slightly quicker and has leather that i hate anyway. 3.8
1) I dislike the fact that the drivers seat belt is tied into the parking brake - what has the seat belt got to do with the parking brake? 2) I dislike the radar forward assist because it does not account for drivers who 'cut you up' - this can be quite dangerous in such circumstances. 3) I dislike auto parking brake toggle - children can easily activate this when you are driving along! 4) I dislike having headlights on all the time - this is a waste of power - non-green! 3.8
great value for money motor and very relliable 3.8
My Golf GT did have a failure on the engine management system.  VW would not contribute to the repair because the car was three weeks outside the warrranty period and I'd used a local garage for servicing rather than an authorised dealer. Other than that, the car was one of the best I've had in forty years of driving. 3.8
great car for 8 years then catastrophic failure of the DSG gearbox. uneconomic repair. 3.8
Never had a problem with mine and put over 100k on it. Have seen the mpg reading hit 60mpg+ on long careful runs. Cant get it below 45mpg when in a 'ruch' either. Whats not to love.  Just ordered a brand new GTD. 3.8
The injectors are a manufacturer recall item and should be replaced free by a VW main dealer 3.8
A great car to drive!! Great performance for a diesel and excellent economy!! Fantastic acceleration and torque!! Very reliable !!  3.8
I loved my SDi Golf - certainly wasn't the fastest car on the road, but for good solid comfort and reliability it was the best.  I referred to her as my little tank in the driveway. After 6 and a bit years with absolutely no problems at all I decided to trade her in for a Scirocco - - - the jury's still out on that decision. 3.8
Love the car but has now power and takes just as much diesel as a GTTDI 3.8
The VW Golf Mark V is a very good all rounder we have been through snow, ice. rain and sleat yet it did get us there and back. I would recomend one  3.8
Fantastic fuel economy for a 1.9.....but cost of repair is horrendous! 3.8
Solid reliable car... 3.8
Very solid car. 3.8
Keeper since new .  Reliability , performance and maintainability excellent . 3.8
would not trade it for nothing in the world... clocked up 450.000miles in it traveling around europe overland 3.8
A great reliable car, wouldn't want any other !!!!  3.8
No regret great ride. 3.8
this was the best car I ever had or am likely to own . I would still have it were it not for the fact that my wiffe driove it most of the time and wanted a newer model  3.8
Great car, no real faults. 3.8
Great to drive and the economy is good even when you drive it fast. 3.8
For a year it's done what it's supposed to; 40 miles a day, on motorways at 49mpg. No problems. Suspension and seats are hard, but enough adjustments to be comfortable.  3.8
Good car for money always been reliable for me. Good on diesel. Good carry capacity e.g 4 people comfortable. I'm on my third Golf now. Hard to beat in its class for the money. 3.8
Very reliable and never let me down.cheaptoown  3.8
Great car, reliable good on fuel and fast when you need it 3.8
was really happy with the car regrettable sale due to move to Australia. my friend now has the car and he informs me its still going strong with 150,000 miles on the clock ! !  3.8
I had been extremely happy with my TDI for a very long time! Indeed from 1996 - 2012!!!It had served me very well....until my children finished University and moved out!  Many trips to Ikea to get flat pack funitures, moving in and out from house to house over the years etc. Couldn't have done that without my TDI, most reliable car and never let me down.  Now I am on my own and enjoying a much smaller VW Move Up...so far so good...long may it lasts! 3.8
Despite its age, this car is still good to drive and gives excellent fuel economy. It can always be relied on to start first time. As with most VW's, the seats are comfortable and supportive with a wide range of adjustment. Load carrying capacity is also good. The ride is very stable at all speeds and handling is sharp. Thoroughly recommended for budget, practical and capable transport. 3.8
I've had my mk4 golf v5 for 4 months now, it's a very good drivers car, although it's not very good on the old fuel consumption!! Typical vw reliability and comfort :) would recommend to anyone who wants a daily driver with some power and comfort  3.8
It's just keeps passing the mot , so I keep using it! 3.8
with it being a 1.4L engine, it is rather sluggish and not very fast when driving on the motorway. Car would be better as a 1.6L 3.8
Fuel economy is not as good as sold to me either 3.8
Expensive to buy but holds value well and drives great. 3.8
We use the VW Golf as a family run around and its superb in this function. Its reliable, drives well and is easy to park.   3.8
Have owned the 1.6 FSI for six years now and it has never given any trouble and everything works perfectly, not the most luxurious car but does everything with i need ! 3.8
had my latest golf for 3 years great car.tsi gives you oomph when needed. 3.8
A great car serviced by a VW Garage from new, but let down by a number of mechanical failures under 60,000 miles. Would put us off having another GTi. 3.8
Superb car to drive. 100% quality. 3.8
This car is still one of the hottest hatchbacks and is great to drive. Depending on which fuel you use its mpg is better on long journeys. 3.8
A good reliable Volkswagen  3.8
mpg.  31 average.  Front tyres every 12000. very good acceleration and roadholding. comfortable but sporty ride. DSG. very nice and easy to drive. would reccomend to a friend. 3.8
Amazing car 3.8
Great car on fuel still looks moden and drives great 3.8
Reliable car -easy to drive and good fuel consumption 3.8
I have had the pleasure of owing a number of Golfs all of which have been a pleasure to won in terms of reliability & roadworthiness. Unfortunately despite the 1.4 having a small engine it wasnt super economical and so I bought a MK7 diesel golf 1.6 which means I dont pay any road tax(for the moment anyway) 3.8
A sporty looking reasonably economical hatchback with a possible 45mpg 50 if you drive with a feather foot.  With an 8 second 0-60 time which is keen off the lights, hard low suspension and wide alloy wheels complement the vw style as well as adding to the grip on the road, and on corners the body remains upright with a little roll and plenty of composure.  The bucket seats inside allow the driver and passengers to remain in their seats during fast tight cornering and a decent cd/radio setup is really apparant when compared to other similar cars with clear sound and no distortion from more bassy music.  Inside the car there are cup holders, plenty of door storage, a glove box capable of holding a hand bag, and a central console that lifts by the handbrake for cd's as well as a moulded area for small bits and pieces.  The interior is a little boring with the patterned plastic that dominates the front of the car, but has modern well lit controls on it that add to the appeal and bathe the car in a relaxing blue at night time.   In 45,000 miles of motoring it cost ?112 for a replacement suspension spring, ?86 for a new brake pipe that had rubbed away and worn, as well as regular servicing at ?150 per service, and the engine still runs smooth and always starts on the first turn of the key.        3.8
Poor MPG but reliable and fairly quick. 3.8
Only issue with type of car is that it tends to struggle up hill.  Rather embarrassing when other cars with a smaller engine whizz by. Otherwise not a bad car and good on motorway. 3.8
Very responsive engine - great acceleration Comfortable  Great handling Only problem it's very very thirsty 3.8
Not the most economical for short trips but it gives very good economy on long journeys. It has a good sized boot that is adjustable for large loads by folding the rear seats. This is a very handy facility. 3.8
A good sound motor; Very good economy on long runs; not so good on short trips 3.8
Ours has been a good car, with just a few niggly issues such as build up of condensation even wet inside car during winter months, central locking occasionally doesn't open all doors, and fuel economy could be a lot better. Ours has done around 100,000 miles with so far no major issues. 3.8
Nice cars. Very well built. Ultra reliable, and has electric windows, mirrors, A/C etc.  Only draw back is fuel consumption. We average only 33 mpg. Its a heavy well made car and the engine , 1.6 16v just doesnt cut it ( 2.0lt would be much better ) Once up the rev range cruising at motorway speeds, its pretty good. Hard to overtake anything at 60mph in 3rd gear. Engine to revvy.  If you want reliability more than anything else, this is the car you want to go for. 3.8
It was my fourth Golf, and now I am on my fifth. I don't think I will every choose another type of car! 3.8
It's as the quote states! 3.8
Acceleration on GTI fabulous  3.8
bad on fuel 3.8
Good car. Has lasted well 3.8
Great overall car 3.8
The VW Golf is an exceptional workhorse, it just keeps on going, year after year after year. fuel economy is second to none with the deisal models - fill up every 520 miles and even then, you'll still have fuel in the car after all those miles. 3.8
Own my mk4 golf 5 years now great car but..... Because mines 10 years old a few problems every year ive had to fix water washers replaced front wish bones two door looks and othe minor things that can be expensive ive regularly spent ?500 ?600 a year to keep mines sweet.  3.8
A genuine reliable car that never let me down. Good power but not as great on petrol as I thought . 3.8
Good reliable car had mine for 10years and only just beginning to get minor faults 3.8
For its age, this is a brilliant and very reliable car. 3.8
Th? car is reliable a good drive and would buuy another. 3.8
Great all round comfortable car 3.8
This review is for a Volkswagen Golf Mark IV V6 4motion 53 registration.  I owned one for nearly 7 years (recently sold to get something newer). The GOOD points: - Lovely under-stated performance from a smooth narrow angle V6 that sounds great either pootling about or when giving it some juice on A/B roads - Practical enough to use day to day with a great sized boot, even with the slightly bigger fuel tank on the V6, meaning that the spare is a space-saver - Very high quality well-specced interior that is still a cut above most modern cars, despite the original car appearing in the late 1990s, so testament to an excellent design brief - Classy looks outside that still look good today, fifteen years plus after the car first appeared on UK roads, especially in the right colour/interior cloth combination (avoid gold/cornflower blue colours as will affect resale slightly) The BAD/POOR points: - Pretty expensive to own and run, main dealers can be very pricey and if you follow all service recommendations, in the 7 years I owned the car, my combined service and maintenance was ?8K (including a replacement chain and tensioners which failed/slipped at 80K miles despite being a lifetime fit item according to VW) - Poor fuel economy unless driven like a nun.  Budget about ?2.5K for fuel for 10K miles per annum at 2014 prices - Despite meticulous looking after, some rust (three inches length) developed on driver's side door sill MY SUMMARY: I would recommend very highly.  I also owned a V5 170bhp beforehand and it was also a characterful drive and engine and a cut above the 4 cylinder hot hatches that do the rounds, plus a much classier ownership experience.  My advice is to find a good local VW mechanic who can maybe do some of the more expensive work that this car may need (Haldex oil change for 4 wheel drive system/checking chain and pre-tensioners) and make the ownership experience that little bit better! Good luck if you buy one, they are a fine car! 3.8
The engine in this car will go on forever, if you can find a well maintained car with good service history it could be the car for you.  3.8
great car for the time I had it 3.8
Golf is a good car that is great for a family of 4. 3.8
Good solid build quality from VW. could be more economical i guess the newer petrol engines are.  'It's reliable and does what it says on the can'. A good buy for an older car.For an old car it provides good all round travel from A to B. I would recomeend it.  3.8
Loved it! Sold it on to family member as so reliable...so far have gone through 3 and is still going! Great buy  3.8
Brilliant all-round Hot Hatch 3.8
Easy to drive, no problems 3.8
Good car, but it is vw not audi. 3.8
Awesome to drive, easy to find parts.  3.8
Generally was a "quality car" and fit for purpose 3.8
Good to drive, not at all exciting but comfortable.  Was originally purchased by my previous ladyfriend who covered approx. 125,000 miles followed by myself  and I think it had done about 175000 when I sold it.  All in all it gave excellent reliable service over its time with us. 3.8
Loved the car, a few faults that developed as you would expect of a car this age, but overall fairly reliable and comfortable. Not boring, great with the roof down! 3.7
The VW garage (Murray's, Plymouth) have been really good and efficient with their servicing of this car. Regarding driving the car the gear changes between 1st to second are nowhere near as smooth as the other gear changes; likewise starting the car from standstill is a lumpy experience.  The car has DSG gearbox. 3.7
Nice car, but repairs do add up.  Ok for a family car but not that exciting. 3.7
If you want to do a lot of miles very good to recommend 3.7
A nice smooth ride and hugely economical but in my opinion lacks a lot of umph and not really a fun car to drive. Would recommend for people with kids who drive a lot. 3.7
Brilliant car but boring to look at 3.7
The car was fantastic to drive, but I had numerous reliability issues. The egr valve and turbo both needed replaced at 38k! VW were not interested in the slightest. Add to that the cambelt/ water pump change every 4 years regardless of mileage and it was expensive to keep on the road. A real shame, as when the car was running it was a delight. Comfortable, responsive and economical on the fuel. I will not buy another VW. 3.7
Only issue is the annoying rattle caused by vibration from dashboard 3.7
You have to get used to the gear ratio that is missing between 1 and 2 and drive appropriately. The upgraded radio on this is excellent I particularly like the option to insert an SD card with 200 CDs on it. The vehicle is economical returning up to 68 MPG and very quiet for a diesel at motorway speeds, but this one has let me down with a delaminated serpentine belt which caused the timing to jump by a couple of notches - ?400+ to repair luckily with no bent valves. Not as reliable as they used to be. 3.7
Reliable,  economical and safe to drive 3.7
Sluggish in low gears 3.7
I wouldn't change mine. 3.7
Smooth, quiet, efficient, reliable, plenty of guts. 3.7
I loved driving my golf I was so proud but unfortunately it kept breaking down so I had to sell it. I am not saying I wouldn't buy another because I definately would  3.7
Holds value sturdy reliable not vcomfy on long runs leather seats hard back seat very hard 3.7
A great balance between performance and economy (for its age). Some may find the ride a little hard however this gives it positive handling. 3.7
Good reliable car does what it says on the box 3.7
3 turbos in a year....and everytime I filled up with diesel my airbag light came on... 3.7
Front seats uncomfortable compared to other cars. 3.7
Very practical, good build quality 3.7
good 3.7
A reliable car 3.7
Great car, great to drive, no problems! 3.7
ventilation in mk6 was not good,hope the new one is better the mk6 also had problems with the keyfob not always opening pass.door and boot,has this been cured? 3.7
Reliable economic car even though high mileage 3.7
Reliable economic car even though high mileage 3.7
Reliable economic car even though high mileage 3.7
Great car ???????? 3.7
roominess and economy in one very reliable package at a good secondhand price would recommend to families who like to travel in comfort. 3.7
Great car for 12yo 3.7
I have run this car from new, after an initial contract hire period. No major dramas other than a broken clutch pedal some years ago. It is still used for the daily commute (30 mile round trip), as well as for holidays. When clean it still looks smart and the bodywork has stood the test of time well. A great all round car and at the moment, what is the point in replacing it? 3.7
Very economical car and very reliable, drives quite heavily with little roll. Chassis is exceptionally strong mine was hit by tow vans locked together and suffered from only a loose towbar cover as a result. Not quite as economical on short runs but ran fine in Europe on the biodiesel in France, altogether a very useful practical car 3.7
I bought this car 8 years ago with 23,000 miles on the clock, it has now done 256,000 still with the original clutch. It has just gone on and on and on.  Never once let me down.  I have had it regularly serviced at no great cost.  It is the most boring, reliable, economical work horse I've ever come across and has probably got another 50000 miles in it.  Although I don't drive it myself any more, it is now the family's "spare car" so you could say it's gone into retirement.  It's far too good to be scrapped but is obviously not worth anything financially! 3.7
I have always loved volkswagens and I must say that that the mk4 is a joy to own especially the wagon. It was bought new in 2003 and has taken us to France and last year all the way to Venice without a hitch. It has now done 96,000 miles and is still running strong and when cleaned up looks good as new. We have had the waterpump go and but apart from that - nothing. Although it looks like the cat converter is on the way out now. In all - for a family a cracking car. 3.7
Not exactly a flash car, but drives nice and does the job very well and is practical as a family car. Has good visibility, economical, good on the motorway or in urban traffic. 3.7
the firm ride could be better and the cars engine BHP could be increased. 3.7
The vw golfGTi will benefit with more power. 3.7
Great car, well built, good to drive, nice to own shame about the fuel economy.  3.7
I love the feeling of being safe and cosy, however this just gobbles the fuel the moment you put your foot down, even in normal overtaking.  3.7
Very reliable, comfortable but lacks power.   3.7
Solid, reliable car. Wish it had more power, feel that the economy is reduced due to having to extended the gear changes to secure power. Extreamly comfortable quite ride. 3.7
Great car  - reliable and very practical. The only downside would be that it's slightly underpowered. 3.7
Good runabout.  Not big enough for family's 3.7
lacks power could be doing with another 10 to 15 bhp 3.7
The best car that I have ever owned and I have owned a few in 60 years of driving. 3.7
great car 3.7
Best car on the road for price 3.7
I love my golf Mk5 GTI, even if I am a girl. I use it like it's a land rover! It has to cope with my German shepherd dog, and all my dog training paraphernalia - bags of chicken food etc and a it has to cover a fair few miles. I've never had any problems with its reliability and I use it extensively.. it is quite juicy but it makes up for it in enjoy ability.  3.7
In winter ice forms on inside of windscreen. Gearbox failed at 15,000 miles.   Just had a recall for wrong oil in gearbox!! 3.7
The car is brilliant I have the Dsg model and it's truly incredible what it does if u get 1 and it doesn't seen as fast as u woul have thought there is a small valve near the turbo mine was broke and after replacement nearly broke my neck with the g force truly brilliant car  3.7
The 1.4 tsi engine delivers a good turn of pace with respectable economy. The build quality is good and i've had no major issues in 2 years of ownership.  3.7
Expensive on petrol 3.7
Great car, really enjoyed but not economical by modern standards. 3.7
Well equipped on the inside. Swift and fun to drive but plays sensible equally as well. Was not particularly fuel efficient, especially if you like a bit of fun.  3.7
Comfy well built car mpg only negative if giving it a good drive does about 31mpg. Very reliable. 3.7
I have a vw golf 1.4 1998 it's a very good car nice to drive and not bad on fuel would recommend vw cars to enyone there is not 1 bit of rust on this car best car I have ever owned  3.7
Good all round. Family. Hatch. Simple as that  3.7
 The VW Golf engine would go round the clock twice.   Had mine since new and very reliable - owes me nothing.  3.7
Great first car or local runner 3.7
Tyre noise on motorways gets on yer tits.  Heavey on petrol.  If you change cambelt put in a water pump as well.  Centre arm rest a waste of time.  gets in the way. Road tax a rip off, ?260.  Apart from that its ok. 3.7
I had 1 VW Golf V5 best car ever. 3.7
I have had my car since 2001 and it has been the best value for money car i have ever had. It had done 75,000 miles when i bought it as an ex company car and now up to 158,000 and has been very reliable. I would strongly recommend a Volkswagen Golf to anyone that wants a reliable great value for money car. 3.7
Good reliable car!  3.7
its 12 years old  i had it from new and has never let me down and is looking as good as the day i got it 3.7
overall a very good reliable car 3.7
Love my golf so much, Hasn't let me down a single time in 13 years. 3.7
Had car since new - 173,000 miles and still runs smoothly, using about 1 litre of oil per 5,000 miles. I have always changed oil every 5,000 miles apps. A special VW GTi from new and still special  to me now.  my other car is an R32. 3.7
It's a good car. A bit too juicy when it comes to fuel consumption. VWs are generally quite reliable but I would say, if you can afford a little extra, the V6 would be better. 3.7
replacing worn out parts is more economical than part ex.Not many types of car can keep going as long as this one has!  3.7
It's a beaut ! 3.7
Just to prove how happy I am I have owned it nearly 9 years and for a car nearly 17 years old and with over 170k on the clock a great buy! 3.7
Very powerful and reliable car despite the age.The light weight makes it fuel efficient  3.7
,sold the car,found i was spending to much to keep and maintain,orther than that i found the car was good to drive,and was nippy.i still see the car,and looks good.sometimes i still whish i had have kept it. 3.7
My 1996 Golf survived two break ins and 195,00 miles. An absolute little soldier, rarely let me down. 3.7
Great car to drive, very sturdy but on the downside as it is old the power steering is not as light as newer versions.  Is a gas guzzler but that's expected from a car that is 15 years old. Has never let me down, does long journeys with no problems.  3.7
It was a great car until the rubber seals went around the windows and the rain came in,! 3.7
Great to drive with dsg gearbox. Better looking with 3 doors but if I had choice again would probably opt for 5 doors for practicality 3.7
quite heavy on petrol 3.7
It Is brilliant but a touch bit expensive to run toy.  Overall you can't complain on it's reliability.   3.7
Good load lugger, solid build quality. Quiet inside the cab, good quality long lasting interior. Owned for 5 years second hand and mixed driving conditions experienced - average fuel economy 50mpg and my right foot is fairly heavy ;-) 3.5
1) VW has manufactured this car with emission defeat software installed in order to cheat EU regulations. 2) My VW Golf is now seen as 'dodgy' - this must effect it's value. 3) I have no confidence that VW can alter my car so that it meets EU regulations without affecting it's power, torque, engine speed, fuel economy, etc.  4) I have no confidence that VW can alter my car to meet EU regulations without devaluing it further. 3.5
Too many gadgets that dont work. My last golf air con never worked, and silly niggles loke the windows all opening witout anyone near the car, service warning coming on ,.  Changed the car, but new model has more gadgets, such as electric handbrake with a mind of its own. BJ H 3.5
NOT TOO GOOD AT LOW SPEEDS FRONT SEATS POOR SERVICE COSTS A LITTLE HIGH NO SPARE WHEEL 3.5
After having a peugeot 308 hdi with not one bit of bother to owning a golf good car but fuel economy is isn't that great plus I've had two problems in the two years I've had it although minor when you need at it lets you down it doe sent fill you with confidence 3.5
I preferred passat but golf is great 3.5
Main problem is that it consumes a lot of oil from new (up to one L for every few thousand miles. Expensive  Manufactures say that it is normal because it is a modern car! 3.5
The bluemotion is a bit more lightweight to get more MPG but did affect the sturdiness that previous models had 3.5
Suspension a bit harsh on potholed roads. Had 2 breakdowns - 1 fixed free off carge by VW. 3.5
The car wasn't what I expected very unreliable and very high price to fix ie turbo, 2 window regulators, 2 cv joints , 3 same wheel bearings, erg cooler, fly-wheel and airbag faults vw golfs used to be great but greatly downhill now  3.5
Great car all  original excellent condition 3.5
Old fashioned and over priced,useless sift camshafts,expensive clutch replacement.tractor sounding engine,nippy good on fuel,dont handle like you'd expect from a gti.way to old now,time to move on. 3.5
good solid vehicle for general purpose driving 3.5
As an all-rounder family hatchback it is hard to beat.  The only thing it could be replaced with, is newer version if the same thing. 3.5
Fast when it needs to be, ie overtaking, reasonable mpg as it's a diesel- although not up to modern standards of economy. Solid and free from corrosion, keeps it's colour well. Comfortable ride. Feels as though it will go on forever. A bit expensive to service and repair though. 3.5
My car is now 10 years old, I have been happy with most of the aspects of this car, but when vw diesel get to about 7 years old it start giving you some headache, like the doors do not open properly, I have had problem with the gear box, I have had problem with suspension, and now in winter every time I start the car in the morning the coolant sign comes on even thought there is nothing wrong with the coolant and in some occasion the car does not start even thought I have got a new battery and there is nothing wrong with the starter motor. To conclude the experience I had with my car is that after seven years one should change the car for a newer model. 3.5
Auto gearbox not good on hill starts. 3.5
Good but gearbox (5th gear synchromesh failed) and electronic problems have spoiled it. Dealer support not brilliant.  3.5
Shape is uninspiring 3.5
Reliable run about. Happy with the car.  3.5
The basic 1.4 model really lacks power, but you know that when you buy it. In my case, it was insurable for my 17 year-old son, which was the prime motivation for buying it, while still looking pretty good and having all the reliability and comfort of a Golf. 3.5
Not the most powerful car but what do expect for 1.4i . Good reliability and fuel consumption with low running costs. 3.5
A solid reliable car which in no way dissapointed me. I changed the car after 3 years for the next model Golf. 3.5
In hindsight I would not have gone for the automatic (I had an automatic Mercedes so thought there would not be much difference in an auto VW versus a manual VW - but there is!). Not too good on short runs and eats a lot of fuel but once warmed up its a bit of a goer! 3.5
Nice car to get out and about in the city and countryside. Prefer the sleeker line of the newer models but still like the Mk 5 over the previous incarnations. Not really any issues in terms of reliability. 3.5
Love this car, it has been very reliable and can honestly say it has been one of the best cars I have drivern 3.5
Car has covered 60000 miles in 9 years, and has never broken down, but annoying problems have occurred: 1. Both rear suspension springs have broken 2. Radiator has needed replacement. 3. Two warning lights have come on for no apparent reason 4. Bonnet lock sometimes fails to secure. 3.5
Great car to drive  3.5
Be sure all up dates have been done at services.   The Fsi engin not everything it's cracked up to be  3.5
Good car generally, but wanted a change.  Sold it to my son, so it is still in the family.   Too many gears, got fed up changing, when any of 3 gears satisfactory at any time. Prefer a 5 gear car.  More inclined to mist up inside on start up than previous Golfs! Preferred hydraulic power steering assistance on older cars! 3.5
Awesome car to drive.. Lots of fun.. All round car for both fun and family time.  3.5
CAR HAS EXPERIENCED LOT OF ELECTRICAL ISSUES AS IT GOT OLDER, WOULD NOT EXPECT THIS FROM A GOLF 3.5
It needs a little bit of attention to the rear bumper and front bumper, but apart from that is quite clean for its age. 3.5
Very realiable :) 3.5
That car was amazing to drive but it was to spoil. 3.5
Good family car. 3.5
great car to drive and maintain , good on fuel and a comfortable ride .  I would advise a regular service and check over just to make sure you are getting the best performance out of it . hours of fun if driven correctly :)  3.5
Very good town car. Lacks the higher gearing needed to make motorway journeys pleasant. Well built but with only fair reliability. Bodywork and interior looked great despite age of car. The auto box does tend to reduce petrol economy. Good resale value like all golfs. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  3.5
Very economical car SUPERB CAR 3.5
Great car, comfortable and solidly built as you would expect from VW.  As for any car this age, reliability starting to decrease as things like water pumps, window motors, etc start failing. 3.5
Good car just needs to be better on fuel 3.5
Nothing flashy, but reliable, 3-4 years of problem free motoring  3.5
Have had this car since it was 6 months' old.  It runs well and has under 60,000  miles on the clock.  Good going eh! 3.5
Totally decent and economic drive. Great for any first/second time  3.5
Do not upgrade to larger wheels, as the ride is harder and produces much more road noise 3.3
Car was poorly prepared by Benfield Which has affected my perception of brand. Would look at other dealers first. 3.3
I had a problem with the DPF filter on my golf. Only owned the car a few weeks. It broke down and VW tried charging me ?1600 to repair it. After poor customer service and lots of fighting my corner and investigating my rights I got VW to take the car back. But I did lose a lot money. The car was lovely to drive, when it worked. But beware, costly repairs and new technology means the car works out very expensive.  3.3
I found it a bit hard on the backside perhaps I didn't know enough about GT TDI when i bought it.  It was powerful and good round corners but as I am an old man; not for me.  I have changed it for a VW same shape but with a petrol engine and softer suspension.  This a lovely car very well engineered. 3.3
BAD CLUTCH PROBLEMS AND TURBO ISSUES 3.3
Pretty gutless, but solid dependable. A brilliant car for an old lady like me. 3.3
Plenty of snob value but there are better cars 3.3
I've had more problems with this car ,its good on fuel, but very expensive to run, service ect,,lovely to drive that's all? 3.3
The diesel is fuel efficient, not fast but manageable 3.3
We are extremely satisfied with our car and would not change. It the only down is the hight of the controls eg radio heating etc 3.3
I've since traded it in 3.3
After buying new 3 years ago I find it an over rated car. Poor radio and speakers unless you've bought the upgrade. Frustrating automatic wipers with power fold mirrors which don't always react to the switch. Well built car, but with no flair. Wind noise at speed on the motorway from the wing mirrors. 3.3
Nice car for driving around town - but a not very comfy for long drives and it does lack umph! 3.3
a very safe and reliable drive.  3.3
Not as reliable as was led to believe , needs oil every 600 miles , DSG not best option , thirsty but at least have owned one .......although preferred my 3 series coupe 3.3
The mk7 golf has issues with the fan running on when you get to your destination, I have been told by the vw dealers it is when my diesel car is regenerating also it revs upto a 1000 revs and the stop/start does not operate for the same reason.  I have very bad condensation inside the car and that is why it is going back to the dealers for check up. 3.3
Great car to drive, really economical and nippy! 3.3
Not a bad car,not very exciting to drive but does feel like your driving in something a bit better than most cars of this size,however wouldn't have another one. 3.3
Handles well and in all conditions. Safe and reliable. Very happy with my Golf! 3.3
I have an old VW (03 plate) that's lasted over 10 years.. Very reliable and will give to my son once I get around to buying a new car. 3.3
It's a basic Golf, pretty bullet-proof build, stops/goes/corners just fine. Nothing special about it other than it's reliable and simple. Simple is good, it doesn't go wrong that often and is always fixable. 3.3
A Work horse of a car - One of Europe's Finest hatchbacks of the 80's, 90's and 00's  3.3
Owned from new.  Only problems:  Flywheel Clutch Radiator  Still original exhaust and battery! 3.3
Expensive to run but love the drive 3.3
The golf was very easy to drive and fun too, but the car kept on blowing bulbs and kept having the engine light coming on 3.3
I found the Golf to be a very safe and robust car, pretty reliable if regularly serviced, though at 160k miles had problems with the original gear box replaced it with a reconditioned gearbox which seemed to repeatedly fail. Fuel economy not great. Good ride. Safe for kids. 3.3
Great car to enjoy your driving experience 3.3
good car, parts last ages,nice drive :) 3.3
Good performance, but appaling fuel consumption in town/urban enviroment 3.3
Great car, but ?2000.00 on the scrappage scheme exceeded all other offers 3.3
Hate the gear box would never have brought the car if I had known it rolls back on a hill 3.2
Do not buy a diesel unless you are doing a lot of motorway miles, I was doing just short runs and I had problems with emissions particle filter 3.2
frequent electronic problems in2013 3.2
Slow and sluggish at low speed, always needs to be in the gear lower than the one you expect in order to pull away from a junction. Lost count of the number of times I have stalled because of this, sometimes entering a roundabout which is potentially dangerous. Not a joy to drive because of this. Fuel economy is excellent though, as is cruising. Less interior space than the beloved Bora it replaced. Plasticky trim and dashboard. Radio awful. 3.2
my car has not been the best one  i have owned 3.2
The difficulty I now seem to have is the position of the accelerator in relationship to the brake; in my two previous cars, the Golf tdi the accelerator and brake where in the same plane, I could move my right foot in the same arc, from pedal one to pedal two with no need to lift my leg uncomfortably to place my foot from one pedal to another.  I asked if the brake pedal could be adjusted and was told that this was not possible.  It seems unfortunate that there are no ergonomic adjustments to the pedals, whilst there are many positions for both the steering wheel and the seats.  I would like to receive some advise from VW as to what can be done to improve my safe driving comfort 3.2
Such a beautiful car really easy to drive really fast and good car very strong can fight anything. 3.2
Granted I brought this with over 100K on the clock but the DPF filter fault has been persistently intermittent making it feel more like a 1.2 than a 2.0. The brake caliper also developed a leak resulting in me driving home from work one day to find there were no brakes at all and now the battery seems to randomly lose charge without warning. This was one of the first runs of this mark (5) so bound to be teething problems, however not sure I'd buy a 2nd hand VW again. 3.2
Slow means reliable, diesel means efficient, golf means comfort. 3.2
I love my golf, even after 8 years of owning the car.  I would never buy another one direct from VW, as they were very disappointing after i gave them the money for the vehicle.   I find them very expensive and have sourced other ways to service and update parts on my car.  It has had three brake switches fitted since owning the car, it chews through tyres but i found the continental seem to last the longest.  The brakes are good but im on third set of discs and pads.  Its very reliable and still has a comfy ride on long journeys.  I get nearly 60 miles to the gallon on a long run. Its due its four service now, so a firend will be doing this for me     3.2
this was the most unreliable VW i have ever owned and I have been with them and Audi for over 30 years.  The windows kept going down at their own accord, the nearside door lock had to be replaced after being unable to open it from inside.  Both thermostats on the engine broke down in cold weather, and gravel chippings would constantly get stuck in the disc brakes 3.2
It's a vw gti. Does what it's supposed to do. Solid car. 3.2
Nice car to drive , handles well. Shame about fuel consumption , have always expected it to b better from a 1.4 litre engine size. Also still think it is a great lookin version of the ever changing Golf models. Car has only covered 51,000 miles on an 06' plate & I've just had to have the timeing chain replaced at a little over ?950.00. Garage says 170 B'house too powerful for a 1.4 litre engine. ! 3.2
My car caught fire and blew up on 27 th Dec 2012. It stopped .. Started smoking and then exploded.. Insurance couldn't see why as burnt out wreck. Before this however I loved my car :(!!  3.2
4 gear boxes not so reliable!! 3.2
The 1.4 engine size results in poor uphill performance when 4persons are on board 3.2
Good cars generally reliable with plenty of space if you have a family. 3.2
Very sluggish and poor on fuel 3.2
Gti MkIII, a little mundane more luke warm hatch than hot hatch 3.2
Good small auto for around town. Bit too short geared to make long journeys fun. Low 30s mpg. Average reliability. Quite a few (VW expensive) repair bills as car got older(10 years old when sold). Water pump, lamda sensor,central locking problems etc. Great bodywork. Car looked like new inside and out when sold.Holds price really well and always seems popular buy for women drivers.  3.2
Reliable, but boring. Sluggish non responsive drive.  3.2
Having owned the car for 5 years, it has been very reliable and is very economical to run and maintain. 3.2
i used to own a w reg and started to give lots of problems springs breaking brakes sticking oil leak blue smoke, body still good except for sills and rear wheel arches 3.2
Good if you can find a non abused one. Make sure when you buy that you change the cambelt and waterpump amd thermostat. Reliable otherwise. I have had to fix a window mechanism and change the gearbox filter and oil and injection flange mount and coil pack and engine mounts. So a lot of work done on wear items but other than that ok. Find one that was taken care of and you will be ok. Not awesome on fuel but bearable. Keep a spare coilpack and crank angle sensor and tools to change these in your boot. Not bad for a 17 year old car....(starter on the way out now) Buy a jap car...less repairs 3.2
I've had this car since I was learning to drive and it's a great car and is really really reliable. It's not as efficient with fuel as newer cars may be but as I only really use it about the town, it's fine. 3.2
Losses value very quickly especially for a limited edition 3.2
Great fun. Electric roof unreliable. 3
great car it is like and old friend always  reliable  3
Great car to drive super reliable good on fuel ,and its the third one I have had so it must be good 3
Disappointed!  3
Very comfortable and easy to drive. Very economical and reliable. Would definitely buy another golf 3
I have driven Golfs for many years last one was the mark 4 1.9tdi 130 bhp which I regrettably part exchanged for the golf 1.9 tdi mark 5 2006 model. The mark 5 is  cheap and nasty with a well below average interior, in my opinion vw especially on this model has lost its way no were near as reliable as past models. I guess like a lot of manufactures these days quantity not quality. Big thumbs down  3
An exceptional vehicle for long and short drives. My car has over 130,000 miles on the clock & still feels like a comfortable & steady car. 3
volkswagen do not honor their warranties for rust on front wings which seems to only affect 110 diesel golfs reliability has been far poorer than previous vw owned or driven by myself several problems including serious brake failure on motorway after brake service by main dealer build quality lower than expected optional extras ordered from new not fully fitted for 18 months the car was bought to keep for a long time based on vw promises of reliability and high build quality in original adverts found to be untrue seat fabrics proved to wear badly have found it impossible to part exchange at a reasonable price even against a new car after 6 years old  vw dealers tend to think they are doing you a favour by looking at your car and even charge to check for faults before giving a price to put right 3
An old car and even though it's not been lovingly looked after it keeps on going and never lets us down. Not a car to impress, but a good reliable work-horse. 3
Yes fuel econ is v poor.instrument panel is outdated even micra is more frendly.golf time clock is visible only to driver 3
this was the most unreliable and disappointing VW cars I have ever owned over the last 30 years.  The windows would open when you were away,(software upgrade needed!), The passenger door could not be opened from the inside and both thermostats on the engine had to be replaced when the cold weather came.  Would not entertain any VAG group car again. 3
This is the best car i have ownd in over 30 years of driving and i love it 3
Unreliable 3
My current golf has done only 61000miles.I have endeavoured to maintain and service regularly.Engine management light has been on for two years without Vw accurately diagnosing the problem.My Bmw with 100,000miles on the clock has had no issues.The Golf has cost me more to keep.It will be my last Vw.Good riddance! 3
nice car but not as fun to drive or cheap to run as rivals . 3
Great car but very expensive to maintain. Every service costs ?1000! 3
It's bullet proof and never let's me down. 3
The price for one of these now is pretty affordable, a 5 cylinder with quite a nice kick to it.  For someone looking to buy one of these, please be look into the history of the vehicle and what work has been carried out on it. There are a few little known bugs with these, unfortunately mostly bugs relating to costly repairs.  But if you've got yourself a good one, it's a pretty good little runner. On a positive note, the noise this car produces is spine tingling and with a decent 0-60.  That would surprise most average cars.  There are other options you can look at, such as the GTI, V6 or the R32 variants.  Which have more performance upgrade options than the V5. 3
It's been a reliable steady performer over its lifetime despite being well over 100000 miles on the clock 3
Good little car, bad on fuel, seals are terrible rain leeks in all the time and constant problems with the breaks. 3
i llove my little car and its been a god send since splitting from my son's father.  I originally took my driving lessons in my amazon land cruiser (and passed)! but unfortunately he it had to go.  I now could not live without my golf and its been utterly fantastic for transportng my little boy all around Without her (poppy) that's what we call her , I don't know what we would do?? My son and I could really not live without POPPY (our beautiful little car).  Much love Nikki and Finnie 3
AGREE WITH OTHER REVIEW. I'VE HAD THE EXACT SAME PROBLEMS OVER THE YEARS PLUS SOME PROPLEMS WITH BRAKING SYSTEM. 3
Good solid reliable car.   3
Poor visibility to left,  Not enough back support for driver Too much tyre noise at low speeds       2.8
PARTICULATE FILTER PROBLEMS!!! IF YOU ONLY DO URBAN MILAGE DO NOT PURCHASE!!!!!! 2.8
Great car for a woman who drives 5 miles each way in and out of town every day at 55mph. Breaks last 50000 miles discs 100000  2.8
A all round decent car! But unfortunately could not afford to run, maintain or keep I had sell it  With regrets! 2.8
This was a good car to drive, and for the most part it looked pretty smart. Howver i bought mine new and it had rattles and broke down! not what you expect from a new GTI, I would buy one again but would go second hand for about ?10k, depreciation on these cars also not great.  Quick car though. I now drive a CRV as i dont want a car that breaks down on the A1  2.8
Exciting: suprisingly powerful tsi engine! i drive the 122bhp and still the performance is impressive for such a small engine. the design of the car though and the colours available on the option list were very borring! Comfort: suspension is a bit firm even on the SE spec. armrest is an extra! seats on SE are very comfy though. refinement is amazing! the engine is very quiet when idle and the cabin is insulated brilliantly from any noise. Reliability: i must admit that i never had any mechanical or electrical problem with the golf, However cheap quality hard plastics are everywhere. ( i had a few times replaced rear air-vents and also replaced once plastic pannels under the car after a soft hit).  economy  is very average in town apx 30mpg but on the motorway it does an average of 50mpg with apx 60-70mph. great to drive: not really! poor body roll in comparison to the more upmarket Audi A3, steering wheel is too responsive and relatively light, but the 1.4 tsi 122 is an impressive engine, that blends very well performance with efficiency.    2.8
I have had the golf now for almost 6 yrs. During that time I have got to know the car quite well. Reliability isn't really an issue, but the esp system failed on the car a yr ago. This is over ?2000 to fix. Money which I simply don't have. The airbag has alao been "fixed" 3 times by vw, this has always almost immediately shown as being faulty again. As a result fir the last 5 yrs I have driven around with an airbag fault warning. Other than that it is a reliable runabout. 2.8
Endless problems - coils, engine management, catalytic converter, alternator to name but a few.  I had the car from new and in the 2 years I owned it I reckon it spent about 2 months off the road. I've had Golfs before and this was probably just a bad one but I would be reluctant to get another. 2.8
Despite repeated electrical problems and having to call out recovery help (not once or twice) and paying a main dealer to rectify the problem they did not. An independent auto electrician  located a fuse fault and removed the fuse, which obviously created other electrical problems of which I was informed. In desparation I wrote to VW technical director seeking help. He instigated this and I was referred back to my original VW main dealer. With the VW organisation behind my re 2.8
Lovely to drive but had so many problems with it  2.8
Owned for 10 years and reliable but boring. 2.8
The 1.4 is the worst car they have Manufactured ..........un Economic , under powered, with 2 passengers & luggage ! Paintwork not a patch on older cars, very basic finish. ............ buy a kia with 7 yr warranty !!!! .........that says a lot ! 2.8
It was heavy and filled up with water Sluggish even ! 2.8
my Golf is 14 years old and sailed through the MOT yesterday.My only complaint is it is very uneconomical especially; on short journeys. 2.8
Very economical  2.8
The model I drive i.e. 1.4TSI is very sore on fuel, much worst than I'd expected given the recommendation by the dealership.  The car is very reliable and nice to drive, although, it does lack power in the lower gears.   2.8
Strong reliable car. However, once damaged, hard to get it in FULL working order as something or another crops up which requires working.  2.8
Good car to drive but not the best golf  2.8
I would like my car back 2.8
Many minor problems 2.8
On my fourth golf all have had problems. The ability on the local agency to correctly identify problems within warranty period is suspect. After warranty no problem finding faults. 2.7
Reliable but boring 2.7
an all round superb car.  always go for the later GT 'sport' models because they have quite a few extras and tweaks on them compared with older GT ones   2.7
Be prepared to buy a diagnostic tool, and expect to pay a constant stream of garage bills. This was our second and last Golf from new, very unreliable and costly to fix. 2.7
Diesel Fuel Particle Filter at ?2500 fitted, killed off our love of this car. we were told the engine was unsuitable for a road car (170bhp 2.0L) 2.7
had my vw for over 6years.  it's been a great friend to me  never lets me down its been the longest car I've had and i he to keep it a lot longer although its old and very high in mileage.l know when the day comes that we have to part i will be gutted. 2.7
I purchased my used Golf 1.6 FSI at nearly 3 years old. I loved it and thought I would have many years of happy driving but at 5 years old the geartbox went, swiftly followed by the exhaust panels, radiator and something to do with the catalytic converter ( it was also low mileage for its age) . I emailed Volkswagon direct who advised they may help me but put a note on system to main dealers that they wouldn't offer any good will on it. So I feel cheated and gutted. So I got what I could for it and have now purchased a different make and hope this car is more reliable, so no would never recommend any Volkswagon to due to its poor quality and terrible customer service.  2.7
contined from previous: request, kept the vehicle for three (3) weeks, charged me an arm and a leg for something that I had requested them to rectify over many years. It appears to be satisfactory after being in my possesion for only a few weeks. Overall VW organisation good if one can get to the right person main dealer is questionable. The world is obsessed with money and profit 2.7
nice car;easy drive; good for city;  2.7
It may have been a one-off, but this car gave me nothing but trouble. I purchased it from New and it's gearbox leaked, it's air-con packed up and it had numerous minor faults. The original VW dealer was not especially helpful either. Shame really, as I previously had a great VW Polo with no trouble. 2.7
Bad fuel consumption  2.7
Car has had loads of electrical problems including safety issues with the electric handbrake and the collision avoidance system and volkswagens response to these problems was dreadful. I will not ever buy another Volkswagen.  2.5
Comfortable to drive, however, the fuel economy is horrendous and is expensive to run on the fuel it uses.   The turbo charger can be problematic and the windscreen cracked due to a small stone chip. I do not think the Golf is quite as reliable as it used to be.   I don't think the Golf is quite as well made as previous MKs and I feel the Honda Civic gives better value as the Civic came with Alloy wheel as standard and front and rear electric windows. The Golf only comes     with front electric windows as standard on the base models.  2.5
 Great car, Until they let you down,Then you need bank overdraft.  2.5
The most unreliable car I've owned by a royal mile. Transmission went at 25k, sump cracked, engine bolts had metal fatigue, faulty light sensors, and on and on and on. Will never touch a VW again 2.5
Have owned this car since July 2011. Reliabilty no better than average is my experience although it's not actually left me stranded as yet.  Some of the failures include alternator, throttle body, emissions sensor,exhaust mounting bracket required re-welding, front anti-roll bar replacement including bushes, rear axle bushes and both front electric window regulators have failed requiring the cables replaced as they had rusted through and snapped, leaving the window glass  fully down (open)   2.5
Not a big fan of the golf always wanted one then when I got one I was very disappointed in the perfomance and handling !  2.5
great too drive but uncomfortable on long journeys, needs to have auto-cruise, needs more space inside, sports seats could be made more confortable,could be more feul efficient,should have fold in electric mirrors, sunroof would be nice, good german engineering, else a good car for 25 to 35 year olds 2.5
I have a mark3 golf automatic. It is a lot of fun to drive. However my car has required quite high maintenance as I have spent over ?500 in repairs/servicing over the last three years. Still the car has grown on me and can't see myself driving anything else. The car handles very well. If you are planning to purchase ask when the timing belt was done last and check for rust, working windows, engine mounts and basically everything else. Typical VW will run forever if they have been looked after...I've put 60000 miles in three years and engine is still ok. 2.5
VW Mk 6 Golf GT 2.0 TDI 6spd DSG Pros:- Great interior finish and loads of power from the engine, super motorway cruiser. Cons:- Loads of road noise, engine idle very noisy, loads of creaks and rattles inside the cabin, DSG not very smooth. I would not recommend this car. 2.3
I never thought I'd be able to afford to run a Golf but it's a great car. Very economical, comfortable and great to drive.  Whether you are going short distances or long distances you arrive feeling fresh and not stiff.  Would recommend a Golf to anyone. 2.3
excellent car, best i have had 2.3
FSI designed by VW to achieve high MPG rates & low emissions. The MK5 Golf is a nice car however the FSI Petrol model always had problems. Trying to achieve high MPG's meant the car was always constantly correcting its systems to achieve a low carbon emission. Yes great when the car was new, yet after a few months with one tank of low grade (supermarket unleaded) petrol & it just didn't perform correctly. Feeding the car Shell V-Power didn't help as the EU regulations on emissions outputs & high returning MPG's meant the 'Laboratory' tests pleased the Hard Nosed EU Chappies yet as the consumer, the MK5 was plagued with problems stemming from the previous MK4 & yet still issues into newer generations i.e. MK6. Common faults with ABS Units with a cost of ?1200 a norm, the ESP failure common, the instrument cluster failing plus Lampda O2 sensors requiring replacing including other sensors i.e. Mass Air Flow failing a common trait. Overall it's hard to find a good one which hasn't had these issues or where the owner hasn't plugged tons of money in to fix the faults from VW. Good plus points with the vehicle as the 5th generation however on comparison, other manufacturers not suffered with the same blights as VW.  2.3
Ours has problem after problem 2.3
Owned 1.6 FSI for 6 month and have ended up spending over 2 and half grand, and now it's hardly worth anything due to not worth repairing anymore  2.3
Bought car second hand last 3 months ago, unfortunately was sold a car going downhill, with problems ie catalytic converter going. Car has high fuel consumtion anyway (not know this at time of purchase and owner said it was higher than it actually was) but have been advised any problerm with catalytic converter increases the fuel consumption even more!...so I'm not happy about this car :( 2.3
Lots of issues such as coil pack water leaks rear wiper to name a few, I was bitterly disappointed with the car as I was really looking forward to owning a golf for the first time little did I know it would also be the last  2.3
The battery kept dying in winter and it was a old car. I did like it though, I felt very sorry when I had to get rid of it 2.3
My 2005 Golf diesel estate is one of the most irritating cars I have ever owned.  Bad driving position with no sideways support from the seat back. Hard and jiggly suspension gives uncomfortable ride. Stupid locking sequence for the doors gives error message about doors being open when they are not.  Dreadful behaviour on snow and ice - a real danger in winter conditions.  Seat belt operation sequence makes securing loads on the back seat very difficult.  Handbook badly organised so one can never get straight to the relevant section.  2.2
Supposed to be fantastic compared to the previous model but to me its a big disappointment. 2.2
This was a very dull car to drive. I especially disappointed with the power delivery at low revs. The gear ratios are far to long for the torque characteristics of the Diesel 140 ps engine. The ride is hard on anything but smooth roads and the car rolls on bends. I was very surprised how easy it was for the front wheels to lose traction on a dry road. The wheels just spun the power away on a damp surface or one with grit. The dash board was very cheaply built and numerous parts of trim rattled or creaked continuously. The door locks also grated if the car was driven on a poor surface or round a corner. The Golf was also disappointing on ice or compact snow. The car was extremely economical and had a good turn of speed but steering had no genuine feel and the gear change had to be done carefully when cold to avoid it catching. I changed my Golf for a 2012 BMW 320d and if you disagree with any of the above try the BMW. The BMW 118d is also great to drive and full of character, it is also great in snow with weight in the boot. I could not say that about the Golf. 2.2
Not as good as a diesel v 2.2
all started well - looked great, performed well then after 30k it all went bad, new engine installed, too many egine management problems to mention, poor trim looked awful after a year, paint chipped really easily, not good on a so called quality brand,on a car that spent the majority of its life in top gear on the motorway. 2.2
usual injector problems at ?800 a time!  2.2
Good car all round :-) 2.2
The DSG Gearbox has started making a bad rattling noise after 28k miles. Even though its still under warranty VW are refusing to fix it saying that its a 'normal noise' and 'within tolerances' (who's tolerances isn;t made clear - certainly not ours!). Their Customer Care system is a joke - more to do with fobbing you off and blocking you from getting any real customer service. VW won't impart any technical information to help us understand what the problem is, i.e what is causing the noise, even though they are admitting the noise is there and assuring us its not dangerous. They aren't even trying to explain it but just repeat the same scripted answers every time. They are clearly covering up a known design fault issue to avoid paying for repairs to it. The car is embarrassing to drive - sounds like an old diesel thats done 150k! Not something you'd expect form a petrol car thats done 28.5k miles, and bearing in mind VW sell themselves as being reliable it not something most people would expect of them!! A truly shameful state of affairs. I for one will be spreading the word about this while continuing to engage with them through every medium possible, and building my case for the small claims court - I'm not going to let them get away with trying to con me!! 2.2
Not what I expected from vw brought a Honda in the end. 2.2
Most unreliable car I have owned in 40 years of motoring. ECU problems, Accelerator pedal problems and air con problems.  Poor acceleration.  Good points, very quiet, good build quality, no squeaks or rattles 2.2
NOT a drivers car.   It suffers from the total lack of feedback that all VAGs of the last 20 years do.   Total removal of the front end to change a side light bulb.   The haldex 4x4 system is very sensitive to haveing the correct amount of oil in it but is filled through the drain plug.   So you have to squirt the oil up and stuff the plug back in before too much runs out.   Very poor engineering. If you buy into the whole "VW make the best cars" then you'll like the R32 Golf.   If you want any form of driver involvement or a solidly engineered vehicle, buy a modern Ford. 2.2
My golf gti mk4 was never out the garage. Had to replace the engine and the gearbox during its time with me. Think I just had an unlucky car though.  2.2
Boring, just like a golf. 2.2
It's OK but has never lived up to the hype!  I keep it for two reasons.  a. It's very practical  b.poverty 2.2
it was the most unreliable car I have ever owned, and I have owned some beautiful old 50 year old classic MG's in my time. I wouldn't have trusted this car to get me 10 miles down the road. it was crap, and I'll never buy another volkswagen as long as I live. 2
great fun! 2
Constantly stalling, dealership (who shall remain nameless!) unable to fix. This included a long standing booking for them to have the car for a week to get to the bottom of the issue, but they had "forgotten" to arrange a courtesy car. Our first Golf (1999) was brilliant, which is why we bought another - big mistake! Got rid of it after less than 2 years from new, and got a used BMW 318d instead. 2
bloody awful clutch problems 2
I have had this vehicle for just over a year now, and I have loved every minute of it. I have had the oportunity to drive a various range of cars through work from a new Audi R8 to a BMW 1 Series and I still prefer the comfort of my trusty Golf. I would recomend this vehicle to ANYBODY!!! 2
not a reliable at all.  2
Lovely and very solidly build car. Lots of torque but a slight turbo lag. Huge boot and very large carrying capacity with the seats down. Ride and handling remained tight. Fuel economy was around 50mpg.  My example had 140,000 fairly hard miles on it but sadly was becoming long in the tooth. I've owned it since 90,000 miles and had to replace the following. power steering rack, fan belt, brake discs and pads (not surprising) timing belt and water pump. Finally the power steering pump started to give up the ghost so it was time to say goodbye. Sorry to let it go :-( 2
they fall apart at around 8 years old 2
Looks good but not such a great drive, always issues with engine management lights and common electrical fault with windows. Very basic dull interior, especially the fsi SE model. 2
Too many things go wrong .Brake discs electronic proble.ms do not recomend very dissapointed 2
GEAR BOX PROBLEMS VW KNOW THAT THEY HAVE GEAR BOX PROBLEMS WITH THE GOLF 2
Golfs are amazing to drive, best car I've had so far.  2
Would not buy again 2
I have got a Ford Focus, 4 years older and with 20k more miles, and it is far better in drive, and economy and parts are far cheaper. 1.8
This car had a catastrophic engine failure after only 26k miles. There is a known fault (non return valve fails) with this engine detailed by VW. This happened 1 month after the cars warranty expired and the VW dealer tried to wash their hands of the issue and cause great stress when trying to get it repaired. This is an expensive repair and the parts alone came to ?3.7k. After having to battle with VW (weeks) they agreed to pay for the parts and contribute to the labour charge. I still had to pay 70% of the labour charge. The service recieved from the dealer was terrible. I will never buy another VW. 1.8
the vw golf i have is the worst car i have ever had, engine problems poor performance just an all round boring car to have  1.8
Great car owned 5 years 1.8
Lovely car to drive, fuel economy is great. Handles like a dream 1.7
DPF are a pain in the backside. Poor regeneration frequency, regular limp modes, bad economy when it needs to regenerate. Would never recommend a VAG turbo diesel to anyone. Very poor engineering and an arm and a leg to fix. 1.7
Very good car and convenient car. 1.7
not a good car bit of tin can 1.7
Great to drive, very economic. Volkswagen are great cars 1.7
The fuel economy for a diesel is very poor, engine noisy. it is very solidly built, what else being German, However a lot creaks and noises on plastic trim. I have ended up spending so much money as sensors keep having issues, Air bag, traction control, coolant, and the alarm horn unit. The dual mass clutch is a know issue too. The upkeep of this car is horrendous, Timing Belt change, with tensioner and water pump,(apparently they say at belt change they recommend this be done) you wont get much change out of ?500. Just to diagnosis for a warning light is ?75+ VAT. That's without addressing the problem. Parts ridiculously expensive. The emissions control valve blocks up and effects performance and leads to poor idle & fuel consumption. Sluggish for a 105 BHP motor. Think it must be the weight of the car. A ford focus isn't as well built but far better in all aspects.  1.7
I had nothing but problems with the golf FSI, which caused too much stress and cost a fortune to fix. I will never buy a golf again! 1.7
VW Golf was always a fun car to drive and I owed all the marks right up to mk4.I loved thsi motor and it was a great mover.  Never go wrong with a golf. 1.7
My third Golf in  20 years. Most features improved and generally excellent. However HATE the automatic handbrake. Jams on occasionally and difficult to release . Near impossible to start car when parked on steep hill. Should have option for conventional brake. Also dislike engine cutting out when resting. Had a potentialy dangerous incident when engine stopped whilst crossing dual carriageway. So called saving on fuel could be set off against cost of rear being shunted! 1.7
Unfortunately I had mixed expectations Before I bought it I was like yes get a golf. Now 2months later I am not into it at all.under and over steer are crap very front heavy. Good point reliable but uncomfortable 1.7
Car has been great, really god drive, styling and reliablility 1.7
The third VW Golf that my wife and I have driven over the course of 30 years.  This one was not the best of the three as we had early teething problems (it was bought privately secondhand), e.g. the rear wiper motor blew up and another time the engine "server" malfunctioned and needed to be replaced.  Driving the car otherwise was very enjoyable. 1.7
I am no longer able to lock the all the doors. Last year a cv snapped leaving us stranded on motorway. The airbags have a warning light lit.? VW ??????? 1.5
This Mrk4 VW GT TDI has been the most expensive VW golf I have every owned.  It has cost me the purchase price AGAIN to own in parts and repair costs despite its low milage.  Now proving to be less and less economic as it gets older.  NOT ALL BAD the bodywork and interior remains immaculate despite abuse from other drivers who park nearby and open their doors or reverse in to the CAR.  STILL A BIG PLUS POINT it still remains a very drivable hardy workhorse  1.5
Worst car ever bought 2.0 gt fsi , had to hand it bk as know one Gould fix problems 1.5
I had a Golf MK IV 2.0 GT. It was the worst car I ever owned - unreliable, expensive to run, poor handling & very ordinary to drive. Avoid 1.5
The car is very reliable but the servicing and the repairs are very expensive which are the main drawback in owning this vehicle.we know the newer models offer better mileage but than the cars are very expensive when compared to other brands 1.5
Poor fuel economy, uncomfortable on every bump or pothole the vw up is more exciting to drive and it's slow and doesn't accelerate well at all  1.3
This car have 2 problem 1.flywheel 2.relay 1.3
Very disappointed with reliability of car. Lacks power and poor roadholding. Last VW I ever buy. 1.3
UNDERPOWERED, CAN'T SEE BONNET WHEN MANOUEVRING IN TIGHT SPACES, UGLY UNBALANCED SHAPE, DIFFICULT TO WORK ON MECHANICAL PARTS, SEATS NOT ADJUSTABLE ENOUGH FOR TALL PEOPLE 1.3
Very good car. 1.2
totally agree with your other reviewer; excellent car. will be looking to buy another when I have finished with my present one. Completely disgaree with your very low evaluation. I have a friend who is a retired garage owner who specialised for years in buying and selling second hand cars. He valued my cureent VW GT TDI had almost twice your quote. That tells me an awful lot.  D Bell 1.2
Will not touch another vw of any sort 1.2
Very unreliable only had it for a year, glad it's gone. 1.2
Very happy with this car. Reliable, solid, lovely to drive 1.2
Cheap car, I don't understand what all the "golf" hype is about  1.2
Never owned a Gti, Own a GT TDi PD 150, so can't rate but thanks for wasting my time. 1
Loved my car, the best ever. and looking at the new one! About to test drive it. Classic, sexy, forget the mini, Timeless, effortless, great drive, feel good driving it,  suits my personality! stylish without being 'in your face' . always a classic. would not wish for a better drive. Can't wait to get my new one! out
Best value car on the road, so adaptable &so reliable  . out
The best and most reliale car i have ever had, 140,000 trouble free miles at 60 miles to the gallon, fantastic! Still runs like a new one and gets more efficcient with every mile. out
I have been very satisfied with my VW car which has now done 122,000 miles and I have no intention of changing it at the moment. It is an ideal family car and the dogs love it! The Labrador cannot be persuaded to leave the car and join me in the office.  out
great car  out
I have driven VW vehicles for many years and have been partucularly delighted with my VW golf.  It is practical, reliable and great fun to drive.  The 1.9 tdi version has proved very economical especially in the hilly area in which I live.  I have never hesitated to recommend this car to others.  In fact, my ex-husband is changing his hybrid lexus to  a golf in the New Year - another convert! out
The Golf was so good, I bought another one.  out
terrible gearbox selector cost me a bleeding fortune to change out
Very economical, cheap road tax Good visibility out
Volkswagon Golf are very economical and very sturdy car. I really enjoy driving mine and would change for the same. out
The best car I have ever had  out
I love Love Love my car, its is reliable and good on fuel. You always feel safe in a VW!!!!!!!  out
Excellent car out
Bought another golf liked the last one that much out
you cannot beat the build quality the engineering of a family car,which gives performance and economy of an everyday car. evry time i  get into my golf it gives me a sense of thrill and safety of an excellent product.  out
good reliable car out
It was a beutiful car out
It was among one the best cars I've ever owned! I gave it to my son 2 years ago and he's thrilled with it also. out
A pleasure to own. Who would have guessed that the Golf with the best Torque and all round performance would also be the most economic. Easily over 50 mpg, even when having fun. I had the 150bhp with bigger air inlet, uprated brakes etc, definately 5 Hearts ;-) out
The best car I have ever had.Very reliable and comfortable, With 60 MPH economy.As I no longer drive I sold it. out
although this car has been sold we have now bought another Golf which is just as good. out
Great car,. we repaced it with the Golf Cabriolet- which we love even more! out
I would recommend a Golf to anybody We bought a 1.4 TSI, nearly 5 years ago,It has been one of  the best cars I have ever had ,driving over 60 years' I have had many cars,my wife and I have driven over 50000 miles,and the engine has never missed a beat,driving on motorways is a dream between 80and 90 mph returning 40 mpg,what more could you want. our next car will be the new golf. Jonathan Fleming. out
I love my Golf, it is quick enough for my purposes, comfortable and easy to drive. Mine is eight years old now so I have had to spend money on it recently to keep it going, namely the throttle body which apparently is a common fault on this model, though it did over 100,000 miles before it was a problem. Mpg is around 40, up to 45 for motorway travel. out
i am now on my seventh golf my wife also drives a golf and for reliability and quality they are 1 of the best cars on the road  out
This car is very reliable, comfortable to drive and economical, I would definitely buy another Golf anyday. out
It was a great car but |I had put a lot of work miles on it so needed to change whilst there was still some value. out
absolute rubbish out
Fantastic car very reliable good all round car out
Reliable, fuel efficient and I feel very safe a secure in it! out
Our car is now over 10 years old and travelled over a hundred thousand miles. It is very reliable and has never let us down. The body work is in very good condition.  out
Solid piece of engineering. out
Has already been sold out
Write Off out
I no longer own the car but it was lovely, easy to drive and I  exchanged it for another Golf which tells you I think VW's can't be beaten.  I have also owned a Mark 1 Scirroco and a VW Campervan. out
A friend of mine purchased the vehicle. out
I would recommend a Volkswagon Golf to anyone.   out
Good fun, good drive, speed if needed. out
HAD 2 CAMBELTS FITTED NEARLY 119K MILES GARAGE KEPT LIKE NEW.......... REQUIRE ?600 out
it has holes in the floor and is a rust bucket out
good car nice to drive very resposive would consider buying a new one out
A really good car in all respects, comfortable, very economical, good turn of speed and accleration when required.  Very good load carrier.  Recently moved our daughter back to the UK from Ireland, Two return trips with a fully laden car, and it returned 58/62mpg. Driven sedately ((45-60mph) it easily retuns 60+mpg. At German autobahn speeds (80-90) it has returned 48. Had the car two years (Second Passat) and have had no problems at all, not even with the parking brake! I would definitely have another, but would try to find a DSG (Automatic). Sorts out the lumps and bumps of our roads with no problem. 5
very good car,, execellent ten out of ten 5
super 5
Good styling, good performance, good economy, good reliability and good comfort!  All in all a good buy. 5
a fabulous car - we'd definitely buy another one 5
greatest family car I ever owned.,,spacious,,fast,,cheap service ((unless you go to VW :D )),,cheap to run,,very reliable car..,there is few minus --dual mass flywheel,,parking brake,,and an injectors--.,,my advice is 1., not to use parking brake unless is very very necessarily, bear on mind that any gear will hold your car even on the hill.,eventually you still cam turn wheel on the kerb.,Less you use parking brake then better. 2. if you have siemens injectors, then you should get recall.,if you not sure, contact your VW dealer and they do change the injectors for free.,,otherwise cost you a fortune., 3. dual mass flywheel.,as soon as you notice bloody noise get straight to mechanic.,,it would cost you arroing 450-500 pounds, but you can avoid gear box damage.,if that is done it cost uou a lot.,, Otherwise I am very happy with passat estate.,recently still own but selling as upgradeing for bigger car --Chrysler 300C estate :) 5
Best drive ever. 5
Love this car, I'm in the process of buying the new upgrade, can't wait.  5
This is a brillant car with full vw service history 5
best car ive ever had great drive great on fuelnever let me down i love this car it is excellent 5
perfect!!! 5
Absolutely first rate. One of the best cars I have ever driven. 5
Very economical for a car of this size 5
best cars ihave ever had as a taxi 5
my little bus it does everything and I love it . 5
This is the best andreliable car i have ever owned 5
Wicked car  5
One of the best cars I have ever owned 5
The best estate car we have ever had 5
Very good 5
Love the car 5
best all round car 5
;0)) 5
Is a great car that was perfect for the job I.e. Transporting dog and wheelchair 5
Hi,had vw before but not passat i rate this car very much and never get fed up driving it,the fuel consumption is fantastic for a car of it size. I would recommend my Passat to enyone  5
136K, 10 years old, average mpg 53. Like to upgrade but why bother my car still drives like new and the modern equivalent will not be as robust. So if it's only worth 1500-2000 I may as well drive this one for year's to come 5
Excellent car with very good fuel economy and plenty of space and the roof bars make it easy to put on a roof box or cycle rack! 5
This car is built like a tank. I love my passat. 5
Very well built 5
Perfect, everything I could want from a car. 5
Superb car  5
fantastic car.pleasure to drive 5
great car has done 23000 5
My car has been the most reliable, safe and usable car I have ever owned after 48 years of driving and numerous cars owned. Would recommend VW vehicles to anyone 5
Ive owned this car for 8 yrs now no problems what so ever it has been a great car to own, run, and is exstremely reliable. 5
The best car I've ever had. Great on the juice. I'm getting 140 miles to ?20. Very reliable car 5
All round great car 5
fuel economy great  5
Faultless so far can't complain at all 5
My Passat is everything you could want in a car - a good work horse, reliable in all weathers, easy to drive and still going strong after 10 years. Thanks to Volkswagon for  its great build quality 5
great car would get another one 5
Cannot recommend a better car for reliability,economy and comfort but most of all that feeling of safety and sturdiness when driving.Cannot rate it highly enough and will probably drive it until it eventually falls apart,heaven forbid !! 5
Buy one & you'll not be disappointed.  5
best car ever owned 5
Was a great car until parts started wearing out. Then repairs got expensive. Some later problems may have been due to workmanship but difficult to prove. I enjoyed driving it and was extremely practical on many long journeys with 2 small children. Have replaced with a newer Pasat and actually prefer the older one.  5
Fifteen years of trouble-free motoring at a range of 47 - 70 mpg. What's not to like? 5
the Volkswagen Passat is a very good comfort car  5
Beautifully engineered reliable German vehicle oozes quality and class.?30 annual car tax and 60mpg. Joy to drive 5
great car ive always had diesel passats i would never change 5
i am very happy with my vw passatt, before this car i always owned mercedes from c ,e ,and s class 5
I just can't fault VW.  I'm buying a new Golf next. 5
This is my 3rd Vw passat deisel  brilliant car my son had a volvo s40 now he drives a vw golf deisel also my dealer is cameron motors  perth after sales with this garage exelent top marks to them as well 5
3rd passat 4th Vw if you go you will always come back to Vw hard to beat in all catagories 5
Best Turbo Sport Diesel on the Market. 57 MPG at 80 MPH.Comfortable,stylish and great to drive on a long run. 5
Top quality car in every way. Super handling and acceleration along with a very smooth ride.  5
Best car I have ever owned! 5
Best car I have ever owned 5
i owned the car for just over 3yrs and was very impressed, i still had the original brake pads on it when i sold it with 46k mileage. and just after its 3rd birthday i had a headlight bulb blow, that was the only thing that went wrong with it during ownership. a much missed car! 5
has all the bells and whistles . the room inside second to none.and the canny white r-line always get a second look 5
an outstanding car all round 5
Can;t fault it! 5
Lovely drive, very comfortable and good MPG. This will be the first car in a long while that I am keeping beyond 3 years. 5
Very nice to drive, comfortable  5
Good all round power full family car with very good fuel economy. 5
Love this car as it's VAG (volkswagen Audi Group) would own another vw or Audi any day 5
Handles like tits, lovely drive and great to get my hands on 5
One of the best cars I have ever owned, great on fuel, and outstanding drive. 5
Totally reliable, safe, economic- simply the best car I have owned in 50 years of driveing! 5
Great to drive_  5
Best car I've ever owned, had Audi & BMW & merc and overall the top of range pass at beats everything hands down 5
Very Practical & well built family car.  5
Love the  car 5
great car the best i have had 5
We loved our Passat, and in many ways miss the vehicle.  I drove just under 34k miles over three years and it drove like a dream.... on a steady long-ish journey whether motorway or not, economy and comfort was fantastic. The only negative about the Passat was the lack of sunroof Whomever ends up with my old Passat  have a well maintened vehicle which  was much loved and cared for.  Would have got another Passat, but BMW drew me in, still unsure if it was the right way to go. 5
propably the best family saloon on the market   5
awesome always had bmws but now a thing of the past 5
Just perfect! Very comfyand reliable, good fuel consumption - 48-52mpg average on my 2.0 TDI Sport 140bhp. Only problem I ever had was with the electronic hand brake (which I don't use anymore) Owned the car for last 4 years. 5
everything is ok ,but one problem whith oil pomp,thats naked the engine 5
Great car love it amazing car to drive 5
Great car , comfy for long yourney , 5
190,000 Miles in 4 years & not let me down once yet!!! 5
love the passat smooth and comfortable great to drive. 5
I think its the best car iv owned. Reliable never had anything wrong and iv done 179k miles garage men said it runs as if its only  done 40k. Very impressed  5
I sold that car in good faith 2 a garage in Neasdon.London.whoever they sold it onto is not my responsibily. 5
It's very nice comfortable car to drive.i love this car.  5
Fantastic strong powerful car, very reliable sad to say goodbye would recommend totally 5
I buy a different car every couple of year, bought my vw passat 7 year ago and still have it now! Love it! Recommend These cars highly, fantastic value for money, very nice drive, high quality, good on fuel, looks lovely, what more could i ask for, happy customer 5
Vw is great car, drives very good 5
Cant beat it in anyway 5
The best car which I had all these years. 5
Best car I have ever driven - fantastic 5
Very nice car 5
Excellent all round car 1.9tdi great on diesel 5
has all the feel of more expensive luxury car 5
Great smooth car 5
Great all rounder 5
Superb drive, very reliable  5
great car i do a lot of travelling so comfortable and a pleasure to drive 5
Very reliable car in good condition. Current MOT and taxed until March 2015 5
Best car I've ever owned 5
Good car i like 5
Very reliable, comfortable and a smart look feel good driving it. 5
Does what it sets out to do.Spacious reliable and low cost family saloon that has more get up and go than you might realise until you check the speedo! 5
ok 5
Owned car for over 4 years and done over 110,000 miles in that time. It's just started to play up with an electric parking brake problem causing non starting?????? 5
I LOVE MY CAR, LOVELY TO DRIVE AND VERY ECONOMICAL. I HAVE IT FOR 1YEAR 3MONTHS AND IT HAS NOT COST ME ONE PENNY. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE VOLKSWAGEN PASSAT TO ANYONE, REGARDS TERRY BURROWS. 5
Love my car 5
The best car I have driven in over 20 years 5
A great car for the money 5
My Passat did have faulty injectors but vw recalled it to put them right one injector went before it was called back it cost ?660 to put right but i was able to claim it back from vw a dam good quality company concerning i was not the original purchaser !!! 5
Lovely car 5
I have one I have no problem with it 5
BRILLIANT CAR IN EVERY RESPECT. 5
Good 5
I have had three Volkswagen Passat's and I have been extremely happy with their performance, economy and reliability.   5
Loved the car - sad when we had to part company. 5
I've owned 3 vw passats never had any trouble with any of them . Brilliant car . .  5
Had my VW Passat for 6.5 years (it was 2 months old with 1,000 miles on the clock when bought).  Only extra money spent on this car in all those years was on tyres.  It ran perfectly, was comfortable, economical and reliable.  It even has the original windscreen wipers on.  I cannot fault this car at all.  Just sold it as we have a new VW CC.  The new owners have got themselves a fabulous car. 5
Classy & Chique 5
i wish i had a vw passat years ago great car  5
This car is amazing 5
Best car ever owned 5
A lovely ride. Great handling. Very good fuel economy. Wonderfully comfortable. 5
Dsg gearbox was superb. I had the sport model and the interior ribbed cloth seats were excellent and also we used it to tow a caravan and it towed exceptionally well. Good car loved it  5
Super reliable and fun to drive  a great family car 5
Best car I have ever had-fantastic 5
Best car I've ever had....wouldn't even think of anything other than my Passat thank you very much!!! 5
this is my fourth Passat  and by far the best  60mph =60mpg 5
Best car I've ever owned 5
Easy to driver, good response and takes the tiredness out of driving.Lots of room in the car and boot.Once driven never bettered. 5
Great to drive at any speed. Plenty of room for all family things Just a great family car. 5
exellent vehicle  would recommend one to anybody 5
I have had this car from new, and it is the most reliable car I have ever had. Great to drive, great fuel economy, and has never let us down. 5
after 57 years of owning and driving a whole range of cars here and abroad ,i find this passat te be the most outstanding in all dept and ticking all the boxes, a real delight. honest 5
the best car i have ever owned 5
This is my second passat ,will miss this when I change just one of the best cars around. 5
I own a 528i m sport Bmw and that to me is my cruiser but honestly as I do own a passat aswell now that is my hovercraft I love the passat if I could buy the same car brand new I would begrudge handing the money over and have it sat on the driveway In replacement of the BMW ...........passat fantastic in every way  5
Awful quality of service at Vw garages sadly. 5
JUST THE BEST CAR EVER  SO GOOD TO DRIVE  5
unreal car nevrer let u down 5
Just returned from a week-end in Staffordshire west of Birmingham  and drove back on the small roads what a pleasure to roam on these  winding roads with comfort and economy Great. 5
I just love this car, the best I have owned and driven. 5
Extremely spacious inside 5
A great car overall.  Very reliable, economic, solid and gives a great feeling of security when driving in any situation and conditions.  I would recommend this car for family use, because of the spacious design internally. 5
Baught car in 2005 with 20,000 on clock; it now has 137,000 miles and I must say is the best car I have ever owned. 5
Best saloon from vw 5
This is most defo the best family saloon i hav drove.  Very reliable Good economy Strong car Great design Very comfy seats Spacous Great handling Plus so much more.  5
Absolutely luxurious. We feel like royalty, especially when we attend special events and State occasions!!!!. 5
Great car 5
Fantastic vehicle,  this is my second Passat , I am in love , 5
5 5
This is my first car in UK and sure has been an exciting drive so far shuttling between west midlands and south wales. bena  pleasure and reliable ride. Shame have to sell it as im leaving the country.. My next car would be a Passat 5
the best car  5
the best car  5
 Really loved this car - so sorry to see it go but no longer needed a larger family car. Extremely comfortable, very low mileage, and very good fuel economy for its age and size, so should be an excellent buy for someone. 5
suberb 5
A lovely car to drive, extremely comfortable, and given its age, I got a really good mpg out of it. I sold because diesel was no longer appropriate given the very low  mileage per year I was doing. 5
I own the 170bhp model great economy and I like the service interval 5
The B5.5 passat is probably the best car I've owned, the latter model seems cheaply made in comparison.  5
If it was an estate I would still have it. 5
It is a masterpiece!!! 5
This is the fifth Passat I have owned and they just get better and better.   5
best on fuel by far. 5
Great car never lets me down, handles well and is really comfortable 5
Its a great car I have ever used. Beautiful, stylish and strong car. I felt so proud to drive it. I had to sell it due to the new legislation where by old cars had to be changed for newer models in the taxi trade. It was difficult to part with car but I had no choice. 5
its a belter don't buy owt else 5
:) 5
great car,not a problem with it from new. 5
best vehicle I've ever owned 5
Best car I have ever owned . 5
Best car I have ever had, hence I still love it after 10 = years of owning it!  5
Best of its kind great a great car. 5
Great car 5
My VW Passat is reliable drives well and great on motorway. 5
The Passat was passed on to my son when I purchased my Beetle, sad but kept in the family. 5
Excellent car, never had any major problem. Suspension quite expensive to change but last for another 150000 miles when used genuine parts. 5
WE FOUND OUR CAR GREAT WE HAD IT FOR 8YEARS NEVER LET US DOWN VERY GOOD FUEL CONSUMPTION ALL ROUND BRILIANT JUST GOT TOO OLD  5
!2 years old 230,000 miles it has done still running with fuel economy. Excellent family car, 5
i ve had mine for 7 1/2 years an its never let me down once even in winter when it was -10.i can rely on it to take me anywhere. i will be buying another one when ive saved enough... 5
wish I had never sold it! 5
Lovely motor vehicle to drive and show has loads of beautiful lines give u a sense of pride and reliability safety passion  5
I would buy another Passat as it was a good car 5
Perfect condition 5
Five star car.  5
great car just wasn't suitable for me at this time, because of size of family. would have another any time though. 5
Excellent car to own,  Cheap to run Have been driving passates for over 15 years 5
Excellent comfortable reliable etc,. 5
Excellent car  5
best car ever made 5
The VW V6 Syncro is a perfect Executive 4 wheel drive saloon with great power and fittings 5
I love passat a great family car,  5
Great load carrying car , driven 40k no problems now at 85k , injectors replaced under warranty ,no fault before, good to drive,comfortable and room back and front , plenty power 140hp economical 50mpg for big car . no rust ,every button & dial works .would recommend and will buy another .  4.8
Great load carrying car , driven 40k no problems now at 85k , injectors replaced under warranty ,no fault before, good to drive,comfortable and room back and front , plenty power 140hp economical 50mpg for big car . no rust ,every button & dial works .would recommend and will buy another .  4.8
great car German build quaility can not fault it  4.8
The above scoring says it all ! 4.8
Roomy  comfortable car with excellent performance, handling and economy. VW have got it spot on again. I love it  4.8
This is the second car of the same model I have owned, so that rather confirms my thoughts on this car. Great to drive, very roomy, very reliable, well finished (leather interior), great mpg (50+mpg) and very economical for any servicing and spare parts. Highly recommend to anyone. 4.8
I had the car from new as a company car and was so pleased with every aspect of it's performance,economy and comfort, that when the opportunity arose to purchase it from the lease company I had no hesitation in doing so. It has over 100,000 miles on the clock and it drives like new. 4.8
great car can average 62 mpg if careful with right foot on motorway, air con condenser can be expensive to fix. Tyres average ?120 per corner for Michelin, smooth motorway cruiser with extra grunt when needed, great for family holidays with the massive boot. Buy one about 2 yr old they are best bet with. Service history and you will be a happy driver, mine currently has 95k on it and it still purrs like a 35k car. 4.8
Great motor. Powerful, economical and very practical at a sensible cost.  4.8
A good quality family estate 4.8
best estate on road 4.8
I am going to export my Passat to Australia in the New Year I like it so much  4.8
Change the battery after 28,000. Hoewever my mileage is less than 6,000 miles per year. The vehicle is 3years old. Wonderful on long jouneys the automatic gear box is a dream 4.8
We've been miles and miles over 130k and I never get out with back ache or any other discomfort. 4.8
Excellent car. Only flaw was the poor position of the electronoic handbrake. I have  recently replaced the car by the next edition of  the same model. The handbrake location problem has now been 'fixed'. 4.8
Great all round car send excellent for towing. 4.8
I traded a VW EOS for the Passat and after having VW's for the last 15 years, the Passat was the car I miss the most!    I am running an Audi Allroad at present and can't wait to replace it with another Passat!      Best car I've ever owned!  4.8
Great car to drive very reliable and economical 4.8
One of the best cars I have ever owned Great for towing the caravan ,but must have the 170bhp .would have another one 4.8
QUALITY COMBINED WITH RELABILITY 5 STAR .SORRY HEARTS  4.8
Just passed 100000 and running as smooth as ever. Cheap to run with economy over 50 mpg Masses of space for three adults and all their golf gear. Robust for the family and does show wear. Delighted  4.8
Using V W Passat Est for the past 15 years,not the most exiting,but definitely the most reliable and economic motor i have bought.,and thats from a former BMW user for the previous 10 years. 4.8
We have owned the car from new. It is brilliant and has survived three children, moving house and living in London. The engine is powerful and quick, so you don't feel as if you are driving an estate or a diesel.  The bonus is that we still get 53MPG on the motorway.  Brilliant car.  4.8
Fab car  4.8
It was a great car, towed a big trailer now and then and it still returned a good consuption. The car was up to date with all the latest technology, and I got a good price when I sold it. 4.8
Had one for 9 years still going strong 4.8
It's just so versatile. It looks equally at home in the builders yard or going to the theatre. ?30/year road tax, and great fuel economy. What's not to like! 4.8
best car i've ever owed 4.8
A fantastic, if underrated car, fuel economy is very good and comfort on long journeys is unsurpassed for a car in this category. 4.8
I have owned this car for 8 years. It is fast enough for today's roads and efficient enough to return 45+ to the gallon. It has never ever let me down,and I wouldn't hesitate to drive anywhere in it. 4.8
My VW Passat has been an excellent car; 300K miles on the clock and still going strong, with minimal repair costs.  4.8
Best car I have owned. 4.8
My fourth VW Passat and I love it.  When the time comes to trade it in I would definitely choose another Passat. 4.8
Extremely reliable and very economical on long motorway runs. Like all diesels it is not great on short town runs but that is not what they are intended for anyway.  Very much a longer journey vehicle which loves 'eating up the miles'. 4.8
We are so pleased with our Passat Highline that we will almost certainly get the same model when it's time to replace this one - hopefully in a good few years time.  Up to now 85000 untroubled, comfortable, economic journeys. We travel frequently to Bavaria and arrive fresh and ready to enjoy our holidays.  2.0litre diesel, 60mpg on the German autobahns, automatic gearbox brilliant, huge boot to bring German beers and wines back - what else  can you expect from a saloon in the ?20 -25000 price range ????? I'm told that it's just about run in  and should triple it's current mileage. 4.8
I love my car, it is a pleasure to drive & i love the look of it. 4.8
for a big car unbelievable economy if driven sensibly, on the open road is where it is best, with its high gearing, every thing and more driving aids fitted make driving it a pleasure, I have owned as many different makes of cars, but this one is the best yet. 4.8
I have had my Passat Highline for four years and am fully satisfied with its performance.  An excellent vehicle -comfortable, economical and pleasant to drive.  Apart from re-tracking I have had no trouble.  It is serviced by a main agent. 4.8
Great, spacious car 4.8
Good solid well built car with reliability 4.8
A VERY COMFORTABLE AND FAST CAR THE HILINE IN WINTER IS GREAT WITH THE HEATED LEATHER SEATS . 4.8
What can I say just buy one and you'll never look back 4.8
Had the car for 5 years never broke down once.  Only replacements needed were tyres, windscreen wipers and bulbs.  Good or what!! 4.8
This is my 4th Passat and, having test driven B-Mers, Jags, Renaults and a few more each time I change, it's still the best performing value for money car around IMO. This is the SEL spec, with lowered suspension and 170bhp diesel. Mix of comfort, road-holding and performance. OK, the interior styling is getting a bit dated, but the options in the SEL gave me walnut and leather alcantara seats so it's good for me. Space inside is amazing and boot is cavernous.  4.8
Outstanding combination of performance, comfort, style and practicality 4.8
a great car 4.8
best car that i have ever had. my car has done over 150,000 miles and drives like its only done 40,000. Iv never had anything wrong with this car. Seriously recommended. 4.8
Great car to drive especially on distances 4.8
Great economy just lighten on the foot and you get 50MPG 4.8
I bought my car last year with 150000miles on it, in under a year its got another 24000 on it and its delivered faultless motoring and it still feels like it was brand new I am so impressed servicing doesnt cost a fortune its just a case of looking after it. It does over 2000 miles a month. So really impressed great fully mine is pre DPF  4.8
I had an a4 previous to the passat and wish I'd of bought a passat from the beginning  4.8
I loved my Passat. and it was great to drive on motor way. you would think you was driving a bigger car as you cant here the engine. 4.8
Of all the vehicles that I have owned over the past thirty years, this is by far the overall best 4.8
Beautiful in design and the movement. Great family car, with a very LARGE boot which is always handy! Definitely recommend this car to anyone who thinks of getting a new one! 4.8
excellent car. I think the passat is proby the best car I have ever had, that;s why I have kept it for so long. 4.8
Excellent motor car. 4.8
Great car Good value for money 4.8
I now have a Volkswagen Tiguan which is very good but I Miss my passat. I needed a hatchback and that is why I  Changed. 4.8
we were so thrilled will our passats over the years we now have an automatic 2 litre tdi se . 4.8
I have driven volkswagen,s for thirty years and the Volkswagen Passat is the best car that i have driven it has so much room inside and very smooth i strongly feel that for a large saloon you can,t get better 4.8
Best all round saloon car on market 4.8
I owned one for five years. Servicing by the VW dealer was cheap and the car never so much as backfired the whole time I had it. The most reliable car I have ever owned. So impressed I just traded it in for a new VW CC. 4.8
I like my Passat, I haven't had any problens 4.8
One of the best most reliable cars ive ever had, its a great work horse which you can rely on. 4.8
It deserves it's place, and compared with its German Rival Audi, it's better value for money. Keeps its value pretty well too. 4.8
Had the car from 6mths old, few small niggles, but nothing that dealers didnt sort. Car was high spec, leather heated seats and various other toys. Was great to drive and had plenty of power and economy in the 140bhp TDI engine. All in all a large luxurious car that I should have kept as our second car. Loved it. 4.8
It never let me down... A great car 4.8
A super duper reliable and great car to drive, with exceptional reliability and fantastic economy. 4.8
Very good car no complain at all 4.8
Good car  4.8
Having had a number of cars over the years that I have been driving , I can safely say the Volkswagen  Passat is the best car I have ever purchased . Volkswagen support is first class too. 4.8
very rarely in garage for electrical faults 4.8
great family car even when kids are grown up sold due to company car wish I could go back 50 mpg even round town  4.8
Best choice in my life 4.8
Great family car with loads of space in boot and rear passenger compartment, high quality cabin and strong reliable diesel engines. 4.8
Very reliable and exciting car. Regularly drivev from Bristol to Leeds. 180,0000 miles and still plenty of life.  4.8
This is very reliable 4.8
great car just service fuel and go 4.8
Very robust and reassuring motor car 4.8
You need to feel the accelerator, keep the touch light and the economy will follow.  4.8
I've loved my Passat!  Best car I've ever owned but my daughter has just passed her driving test and it's too big for her to manage.  I'll definitely buy another 4.8
I loved the car, it was very smooth on the road, you also felt very secure in the car with the VW build quality. I would recommend the Passat TDI to anyone as the best car in category. 4.8
we have had our pasat from new in 05 and have had no complaints, service regular hard to change to another.Now on 176k 4.8
Best car I've had and will definitely get another vw in the future  4.8
So far have done over 91,000 miles and drives and feels the same as when I got it at  one year old and just over 10,000 miles on the clock.  4.8
A comfortable,reliable,spacious,solidly built and economical family car.Owned for 11 years and 218000 miles.Nice one VW. 4.8
238k in 12 years and still topping 50mpg 4.8
Best car I ever had - quite long, not as easy to park as shorter cars.  Great performance to overtake safely, great spec overall lots of room fot 4 adults on long journies etc. 4.8
Very relaiable last 11 years never got any broblem  4.8
have done 121000 untroubled miles in mine not a bit of bother, totally reliable 4.8
First vw ive had and to be fair a excellant motor and very reliable and econnomicle 4.8
Had this car 9 years. Never broken down. Consistently over 50+ miles per gallon. Vw have again delivered another great car for me. Third vw car in a row. Will make it 4 next time 4.8
Best car I have ever owned. I had the turbo diesel model and it was fabulous. Great family car and great car when they were not it it too. Great economy even with a lot of power 4.8
Great car 4.8
Had the car for 12 years and so far there have been no problems  have it serviced every year and very little extras are ever required. Would replace like for like 4.8
i always recomened passats to people ask me what kind of car i thinks they should  buy vw r by far a lot of car for not to much money theys days if u buy a up in the miles one :) 4.8
Solid German engineering. Once you have driven one you can't go back. 4.8
Best car I own so far, wish I could buy the same car new, not the new model. 4.8
I read recently that the Passat saloon was rated as one of the seven most boring cars. What tosh, I owned this car for six years and found it to be extremely reliable, excellent on fuel consumption, comfortable and lots more besides. I was sorry to part with it and would consider another. All in all one of the best cars I have owned in 45 years. 4.8
bought another volkswagon passat 4.8
Really reliable and comfortable for long journeys 4.8
great car 4.8
i done 320,000 miles in my passat and still was as good as the day i first had it 4.8
Brilliant car! I have owned mine for over 6 years so it is now high mileage but is an excellent useful car. 4.8
I love mine!  Wouldn't look at another car! 4.8
i got my passat with 11k on when i sold it, it had 132k on the clock and never let me down once, i just got it serviced regularly all it cost me was a set of tyres it was still on it's original clutch and exhaust when it left me, a superb car 4.8
Best Saloon out there 4.8
Great car will run well upto 300k miles if maintained properly and performs at 60mpg with ease a great car for anyone  4.8
An economical comfortable large family saloon. Not sure what the reviewer is on about re sump have never bottomed it despite the of number of humps in Cheshire. We have got 50 mpg for years  4.8
Mine was the 1.9 tdi. 4 motion. Best car ive ever owned. Was gutted that I had to sell it. 4.8
Only reason i sold my VW Passat V6 tdi was because i was starting to have trouble getting into it because of my spine so had to go for a higher up vehicle. Car was very reliable had it for 6yrs only thing i had to do to it was change brake discs because of under usage and for such a large car it would get around 27mpg around town on a long run up to 40mpg Very comfatable in a ideal world ie no spinal problems i would still have this car 4.8
Too good 4.8
had this car since September 1999, and I have now done 70000 miles in this car so its just over 97000 on the clock now and still has the power to go on and do 2 or 3 time more mileage. No big problems occurred since having the car, just general wear and tear, great car to drive and well build of its year.   4.8
Annoying really, too reliable - has done over 240,000 miles and I cannot find a reason to replace it!! 4.8
The only downside to the vehicle is the sound deadening not up to the job 4.8
 I am a pensioner who has had numerous cars in my life time this is the most reliable car I have ever owned.  4.8
one of the best cars i have owned  and will certainly look to purchasing another in the future 4.8
Affordable luxury. And a multi purpose vehicle.  The estate version can be used for almost anything and the diesel engine just keeps going with an impressive fuel economy. I have a 14 stone alaskan malamute who used to comfortably stand in the back of mine. 4.8
My VW is great. Off the road for over a year and started with no problems! Easy to get parts for and incredibly good to drive. I have a joint condition and often find it very hard to walk after travelling in cars, I have never had any problems from my passat. It is always worth repairing and rarely goes wrong. Done over 160,000 miles and good for many more. I would have another one if it could no longer be repaired. The gearbox is the best ever. It carries an awful lot in its great sized boot. I love my car! 4.8
Love my Vw passat 2.0 FSI great joy to drive, good on fuel and easy to handle. The cruise control is great on long journeys and the ease of sat nav  built in just incase needed. Very smooth drive and a very attractive car.  4.8
Very fast exciting car and everyone looks because there are rare 4.8
Only downside is, it's a bit big for supermarket parking slots! 4.8
its in very good condition, full service history validated by dealer, has mot running out in september and road tax in october,has not involved in any accident, and its timing belt has been changed.had one previous owner. 4.8
Fantastic car 4.8
There's not much to say about German engineering. Turbo-Sport with cruise control, gives optimum fuel economy on long journeys. 4.8
Build quality as good as a BMW or Merc, good looking and so far very reliable. Have just acquired another one!. 4.8
Recommended 1.9 TDI 4.8
The car was to us up market ,as we didn't have one so big and comfortable 4.8
the best saloon car I have ever owned always reliable and Volkswagen after sales was superb recalling all models for a gasket change. i used to have it as a company car and now the wife has it it just keeps going. 4.8
this is my fourth passat,you will not get a more reliable car.    i wouldn,t go for anything else. 4.8
fill like a chage 4.7
An excellent car in every respect - a great family car & workhorse when required. It's not the most exciting of cars, in terms of flashy go faster stripes or for pulling the women,but hey I'm not a kid anymore or an aspiring boy racer. 4.7
Loved our Passat and only changed it as we moved home and required a 4x4.  Fab car x 4.7
excellent car 4.7
Best car I have ever owned, so far. 4.7
Never mlssed a beat. Excellent on motorways. Fuel economy excellent for such a big car. ? real workhorse. 4.7
JUST HAD ITS MOT AFTER 5 YEARS - STILL DOING GREAT! 4.7
BORING, BUT A CHEAP RUN AROUND. 4.7
This is my first VW which I bought new in 2009. I've covered 43000 trouble free miles. The interior is smart and quite and comfortable on long journeys. I have the 2 ltr 110 diesel engine which returns an average 46 MPG which I think is remarkable for such a large car. I will defiantly buy another VW   4.7
I bought it 2nd hand and it has never let me down.   4.7
Good reliable car, effortless  motorway driving, very ecconomical, yet a fast and powerful family or bussiness car. Roomy and versatile , confort for five, with excellet versatile load and storage space. Sooth clean lines, a car to suit the now and the future.  4.7
Fantastic motor 4.7
It a great car 4.7
Fantastic family car , nothing bad to say about it. I'm on my 4th passat  4.7
Absolutely faultless in 3 years. It is quiet, refined and spacious, handles well and fabulous on motorways. Economical 45-55mpg and so cheap to run. Servicing, tyres are all pretty painless and the VW dealer has been excellent. As good a service as have i have had from any dealers. For a family and the occasional need to shift bulky objects it is probably the best car short of mercs and audis. It just feels classier than fords, vauxhalls etc - the complete 'ownership experience' is just that much more special. 4.7
Have driven this car for six years am very pleased with the performance, fuel economy and comfort., highly reccommended 4.7
Great car 4.7
My car is the sport model, really great to drive and although there have been faults VW UK have been amazing and with the local dealer Peter Cooper Hedge End all is well. Had the car since 2007 from 10 months old, can't praise it enough. 4.7
fantastic work horse and the 170 psi diesel is rapid A very solid family car 4.7
Fantastic, practical and reliable family car. 4.7
I HAVE NEVER DROVE ONE . BUT V/W IT SAYS  ALOT/ MY SON AND IS WIFE AS HAD A V/W 2 TDCI 130000 MILES AND STILL GOES ON. AFTER 10 YEARS. V/W HAVE GOT IT RIGHT. THE ONLY THING I CAN SAY IS TO TAKE IT  TO A V/W GARAGE ITS NOT CHEAP . SO I HAVE FOUND A GARAGE WHO CAN DO MY REPAIRS A LOT CHEAPER. IF V/W DROP THERE PRICES FOR WORK DONE IT WOULD BE A BETTER DEAL ALL ROUND, AND IT MAY GET CAR OWNERS TO GO BACK TO V/W. I WAS TOLD FOR A TIMING BELT ?430. I GOT THE SAME JOB DONE FOR ?288. THATS WHY I HAVE PUT THIS DOWN. V/W ARE NOT RIGHT ON WORK FOR THERE CARS.   4.7
A fantastic car which takes everything 3 kids can throw at it. Really comfortable for long or short journeys. Brilliant for family holidays with its huge boot space. Can't recommend it enough ?? 4.7
I love my 2006 Passat. It's perfect for me and I feel safe in the car. Excellent fuel consumption for the age of the car. Extremely comfortable with good acceleration for safe overtaking.   They need to sort out glitches with the hand brake and redesign the area between the two front seats where things can fall down and it's very difficult to get them back. 4.7
Just a great solid work horse!  4.7
This has been the most reliable car I have ever owned, small problem with gearbox which was repaired under VW warranty. Since then no other issues and I am very pleased with the car. Was only going to keep the car 4 years but I am so happy with it I will try and keep it as long as I can. 4.7
Great car 4.7
Only problem I have had with this car is the electronic handbrake which has since been replaced and is working fine (expensive to replace) 4.7
I get 800 miles from a tank of diesel. My car has every option available, so was quite expensive new, but a fraction of the price of any other make of car that could match the equipment on mine! My car even has a bigger multi media hard disc drive than a BMW 7 series!!!! 4.7
Great car for all occasions and has never let me down. 141000 mls on the clock and still as good as ever.  4.7
Good relialbe and well built estare car. Highline version had many extras as standard including heated front seats. I chose biege leather interior but it does mark easily.I bought a new one in 2008 with black interior! 4.7
BRILLIANT CAR , MILEAGE 125K AND AVERAGE OF 51MPG WITH QUICK DRIVING. WOULD BUY ANOTHER ONE TODAY BUT THIS ONE IS STILL GOING SO WELL 4.7
I have had 4 of this model and one was involved in a severe head on smash I walked away. It is a good all-round work horse 4.7
the most reliable,and economic car i have ever had.Great power {130} handles really well.,. 4.7
Great car. Handling is spot on & power is as good as the petrol version with greater economy. I absolutely love it. 4.7
Have driven had/driven mine now for nearly 10yrs without problem, lovely car, would definitely buy another one! 4.7
Aim for the 130 brake as a minimum, however anything above that will bring joy to the avid motorist.  The 4x4 is also great fun. There are many 02 on examples that are in great condition and still very reliable. 4.7
I am currently looking for another one. I have tried a Honda Accord and its no where near as good 4.7
Perfect estate, economical, pleasure to drive and absolutely spot on for reliability. These cars will go on forever and a day as long as the cambelt, tensioner and water pump is replaced accordingly. Bought mine with 130.000 miles had it 4 years and it has 162.000 miles and still a dream to drive and own  4.7
Smart car with capacity of truck My mobile workshop.  4.7
240,000 miles same exhaust, clutch and battery as new 4.7
Never broken down despite having mileage of 173,000 4.7
Sturdy, reliable, economical, practical and not a bad looker. What more do you need? 4.7
IVE HAD 2 OF THESE CARS NOW ,LOVE TO DRIVE THEM ALWAYS FEEL SAFE..GOOD FUEL ECOMOMY. 4.7
It's like an old friend! Even after 210,000 miles it goes well, the internal materials wear well and the car averages over 50 mpg on longer runs. Had a new turbo at 160,000 miles, but other than that no problems. Cant find a good reason to sell it yet.... 4.7
best car we've ever owned - 11yrs old & 211,000 on the clock and never let us down   4.7
One of the best if not the best cars I have ever owned great fuel economy couldn't believe how many miles I did on ?20 worth of diesel. Plenty of power nice and comfy drive and vw reliability  4.7
I have owned this vw passat diesel since new and done 135000 miles, except for servicing had no major problems this year is the exception as the air con has failed but saying that I would recommend this model of vw to anyone and be sorry to see her go in the future. I average 45mpg local and 55-60 on a run this is great for such a large car, the sound system is above average and the seating is well above average ( I have a disable wife with a bad back ) 4.7
245,000 miles doesent use any oil or water . 55mpg around town to 65 on the motorway . Still goes like a rocket too 4.7
Is a very comfortable car and a nice drive, not very economical but a very good road car, have a lot of space a a very comfortable for long drive 4.7
Extremely reliable and very economical for an estate car, loads of room back and front. Would have another without a doubt. 4.7
this is my second one.the old one never let me down.and neither has this one so far.i always love driving it.. 4.7
This car is spacious and comfortable. It's not the fastest but then with traffic, speed limits and plenty of enforcement that really doesn't matter. So far it's proved reliable, quiet and comfortable. Running costs are amazing and, for a car of this size you still feel your doing your bit to reduce emissions and help the environment.   Highly recommended 4.7
Fab family car, excellent on fuel very large boot and isofix for the kids seat.  4.7
Never had a VW before what have i missed this one does 67 MPG never had one as good as that in any make of car  4.7
In my opinion the best saloon on the market! Simply beautiful to drive and incredibly comfortable. I have had the car full of people and luggage and it lost no drive or comfort. 4.7
Great car  4.7
The car was excellent comfortable ride very economical. Reason for selling was i needed an estate version. 4.7
I have now bought a passat cc - it is even better 4.7
My 3rd passat, looking to renew my car next year and would not hesitate in buying another  4.7
Great reliable car. Very comfortable for long journeys.  4.7
Great car  but dealer  after sales not satisfactory.  Would not amend or replace with a similar new part also repair score that in paint work .Just  polish over it!    4.7
A great car all round 4.7
Wonderful car, great pickup, starts like new even in frozen cold weathers,fuel economy great as compared to other similar cars 4.7
The VW Passat is one of the best car I have ever had. 4.7
Excellent, superb drive and eats up the miles. What's not to like? 4.7
Loved the car, never let me down and sold it after doing 170,000 miles in 4 years  4.7
Great storage capacity,ideal for the family. 4.7
Best car ever owned, great family car 4.7
If you look after it it will look after you twice as long 4.7
Love these had three over 10years 4.7
Love these had three over 10years 4.7
Super reliable good on diesel cheap road tax cheap ins. Wat mor do u want 4.7
I would buy Passatgain a 4.7
I truelly Love this car. 4.7
i cannot fault it, its such a great car in every sense of the word.  4.7
Very good all round drive. 4.7
very comfortable and economical to drive 4.7
doesnt have sat nav 4.7
Had the car nearly 6 years, thankfully never had any major problems, still good comfortable drive, feels solid when driving, good return on fuel economy.  4.7
The Passatt is great for motorway driving, after being made redundant I thought it would be prudent to save money by partexing for a smaller car. I sould have kept the Passatt! 4.7
Great handling, wish I didn`t look like so many taxis though! Extremly comfortable ride , great acceleration. 4.7
Comfortable, economical and great for long distance motorway cruising, the 170 bhp diesel has a good turn of pace but still averages 50 mpg on the daily commute. 4.7
Very nice car, German engineering at it's best. 4.7
good to drive ,customer service good resale values better than average.     what more can i say.?     4.7
It was a good car needed money that's why sold it 4.7
Great car, very reliable and very comfortable.  4.7
It is great to drive. 4.7
been driving one for the past 5 years have not had any problems starts every morning 4.7
Best car to ever own 4.7
Solid as  a tank with great paintwork. Has plenty of room inside and in the boot. As fast as  I would want any car and great miles to the gallon. 4.7
I have great pleasure driving this car for the past 3years and have very little problems with it. The major problem I have had is the injectors . But this has been resolved with the recall and this was sorted out with the replacement of the injetors and coil. Thak you VW. Regards  William Brown  4.7
This car has hit nearly 200000 miles and I love it!!  Needing a few parts replacing but well worth it. 4.7
Excellent as a motorway monster eating up the miles! 4.7
A great workhorse. 4.7
The best thing about the car is the reliability. I don't have a very modern model "54" in fact 1.9TDI but when I ask it to go it does and it's very smooth The boot is a tardis and perfect for rugby kit, chairs and horseriding gear including the saddle I am looking to buy a more recent model in the very near future. 4.7
Great motor, Only selling it as I need an estate car. Would not hesitate to have another of the same. 4.7
i sold the car as it had high milage and i got a great price. It was the best car i have drove and i have had many cars. i would recmond the car to any member of my own family as it is number one in safety and never lets you down. I could go on for hours about it just a great car very comfortable. JOHN, 4.7
fantastic car for towing. 4.7
Great value for money, good interior space and comfort, the TDI is a fantastic motorway cruiser and returns great fuel economy. 4.7
Also has a very good size boot space and spacious leg room throughout. Makes driving long distances a pleasure. 4.7
The Passat cockpit is a few inches wider than most in its class and this translates into a far less cramped feeling. Amazing how much difference a few inches can make! Performance is excellent and it turned upside down my beliefs about diesels being sluggish. Very comfortable, even for three hours or more. Large boot (saloon version obviously) means you can throw all your gear in and still have room left for a backpack and pair of boots. For the DIY guys/gals, there are loads of good genuine spares outlets, so keeping the older girls healthy is not a wallet-strainer. Overall, I give the Passat 93%  4.7
Best car I have ever had! Just sold it for ?500 after compleatong 208,000 miles from new. After negotiating a 3k discount, had built to my spec at factory in 2001 and spent the 3k discount on sports suspension, winter pack, sports seats and all black leather. A real drivers car.  Did have a head gasket leak at circa 150,000 miles but was sorted out by lacal garage by scimming the head. I reckon that in 12 years over and above the capital sum of ?21000, service, repairs and tyres have cost me around ?10k.   4.7
Very good car to go a long journey in, very reliable. 4.7
Totally disagree with comment about being juice heavy. We travelled from south london to truro in cornwall and back on one tank of diesel. 700 miles plus. About 45-50 per gallon in town. Great car. Only got rid of it due to my didability. Low sport suspension gave me problems getting in and out. 4.7
THE vw IS BULLIT PROOF GREAT CAR NEVER MIND A MEC. 4.7
iv got the 1900 tdi 02 reg and its exelant . dos what it said on the box . love it  4.7
My Passat is 12,years old. At the last MOT in November it passed again and the tester said it was still,in perfect condition underneath 4.7
Fantastic car, highly recommend. Fuel economy is brilliant.  4.7
Not the most exciting car to look at, I bought it as I had a new baby and they seem to need a whole car full of stuff!  However it turned out to be an excellent motorway cruiser, routinely got better than 50MPG on the motorway and that 130TDi engine was fabulous.  After 200k miles it still ran sweet as a nut.  I would definitely buy another Passat! 4.7
Best car we have ever had!! Had this car for Afew years and will defo be getting another once this one has been run Into the ground. 4.7
Main problems door electrics stuck and failed a few times. CV rubber boot gaiters dont last long. Fuel economy fantastic even after 110000 miles 4.7
I have had this model for around 5 years now and it has been incredibly reliable apart from when the injector pump failed which was quite expensive. Really great to drive because of this model's 130 BHP and good economy of around an average of 45mpg. German reliability so can't go wrong. 4.7
Had this car from new. Has now done 347,000 miles. New clutch at 220,000 minimal problems due to regular servicing and genuine spare parts supplied and fitted by a reputable garage. I cannot recommend this car enough. I am sure it will reach 400,000 miles without any problems. 4.7
Great to drive. 4.7
It is like any large car;you have to drive it rather than just sit in it and work the controls. I have 130bhp and I use them, to the surprise of some fellow motorists.   I am on my 2nd variant now. Great cars. 4.7
I HAVE FOUND THE PASSAT CC TO BE A VERY GOOD CAR THE 170 BH GIVES YOU GOOD ACCELERATION THE ONLY FAULT THAT IS THE POOR REAR VIEW WITH THE COOP HAVING A SLOPPING ROOF   4.7
Although not as frugal as the 1.9 and 2.0 turbo deisels, this V6 lump delivers efortless power and sparkilng performance. A real joy to drive, and you can't help developing a heavy right foot! Other little luxuries like heated leather seats (ideal for cold mornings) and Climate control are just the icing on the cake! 4.7
Best car I've ever had..  I love the cruise control and automatic gearbox, its a dream to drive and has the 'oomph..' when needed.  I always use a drive through car wash with wax and the bodywork looks like a 5 year old car. It  has a reverse gear problem at the moment and as its 13 years old its not worth repairing but I shall be heartbroken when I have to scrap it.  4.7
good well built car 4.7
As my car has only done 78000 miles and is still in excellent condition for year I don't really think much about changing it. If I were to win the lotto I would buy a new car but until them mine is great, my lazy mans car as I call it? it drives well, automatic, very good fuel and mileage for a large and comfortable car. 4.7
11 years old and still drives like a dream, great car 4.7
Reliable, fuel efficient and safe 4.7
Fuel efficient and great to drive 4.7
Fuel efficient and great to drive 4.7
Very nice car on good price! 4.7
Would easily do 250000 with no probs (perhaps a bit smokey by then) also body work lasts. 4.7
1999 TDI the best car I've owned,had it 10 years,always passed MOT without a single advisory,now on183,000 miles,and gives an average of 52mpg,yet on a motorway run at about 2000rpm has reached a genuine 74mpg (optimistic computer reading 85).Will be reluctant to sell and buy newer as they don't make them like that any more with that amazing AFN engine! 4.7
Best car i've ever had! 4.7
A lovely, reliable and durable car  only side is that fuel economy isn't great but a lovely car in all aspect  4.7
get car with front armrest 4.7
My Passat is 10yrs old and I love it . When I shopped for a car I needed an estate for my dogs, a sun-roof an a multi cd player. Any colour except white or black. Everything else is perfect as Volkswagon are so reliable! Key words:- LOVE PERFECT RELIABLE! Enough said! 4.7
Had my 53 reg Passat for 7 years and it has been one of the best cars I have ever had. 4.7
Top family car that fits anything and everything in it. 4.7
Excellent to own  4.7
perfect car 4.7
A fantastic drive, very comfortable, very safe, good handling and lots of space.  A very good choice for a family car, or for the sports enthusiast who has lots of sports gear to transport. 4.7
After a bad start with faulty ignition packs I have enjoyed every minute of owning my Passat. Good on motorways and good on country roads and very comfortable in the front and back. Bags of room in the boot and immense capacity with the back seats folded down. The air bags give confidence of safety in the event of an accident. All in all a great car superior to all others of the same class. 4.7
very nice car to drive 4.7
one awesom power house that sticks to the road like glue 4.7
this car was a lovely car loads of power nice to drive one of best cars iv,e ever had and really reliable bit thirsty on petrol but worth it 4.7
the best car ive owned 4.7
Excellent car 4.7
Its a very good car never gave me any problems. 4.7
I love my car  only downside is it's  petrol  so the feul economy  is not  good as the diesel - My next passat  will dfinitley be  TDi.   4.7
well worth buying 4.7
Extremely steady & strong engine!! 4.7
After 213,000 miles, reliability of some instruments were beginning to be a little unnerving but engine was sound as a bell and seats still better than any I have sat in since. Needed to have more dependability for business so sorry to say goodby. 4.7
I've had this car from new . that 17years 4.7
Looks good  very fast with VW reliability what else can you ask for. 4.5
This is now my 3rd passat and once again I am impressed with the build quality and ride. Fuel consumption is not as good as it suggests but still impressive for a car of this size 4.5
Puzzling Coolant loss located and repaired under Warranty.No other problems. Economic, comfortable on long ans short journeys, good spaxcious load carrier but turning circle could be better 4.5
My first Volkswagon, Great on Fuel and supisingly nippy with only a 1600 engine. Very pleased 4.5
Very comfortable, Great electric heated seats which are so easy to keep clean. Fast and economical too. 4.5
this has got to be the most economical car around overall in three years the car averaged 65mpg!! On one journey of 40 miles I achieved 74.7mpg. 4.5
Owned this car since brand new now done 70,000 miles not a single problem apart from once Turbo sensor and routine tyre change. Generally excellent fuel economy from a lively 140PS engine. Silky smooth DSG six speed auto gearbox.   4.5
love this car  4.5
I have had the car for 27 months and have put 44000 miles on it. Apart from normal servicing I have had no problems so far. I would certainly get another Passat when the time comes. 4.5
Have now driven this car 4.5 years/54k miles with no problems and minimal maintenance costs beyond VW dealer routine servicing. 4.5
Just a pleasure to drive 4.5
Yes the parking brake is different but you get used to it.. 4.5
Had an 2.0TDI Estate from new for over 7 years, lovely to drive,economical,comfortable with huge load space, looks good 4.5
I have owned this vehicle from new-almost 9 years. Long distance motoring, particularly with the DSG gearbox and Cruise Control, is brilliant. Plenty of room for golf clubs and trolleys from the good sized boot. No problems during ownership apart from replacement of two front wings last month due to surface rust and bubbling, all fixed FOC under warranty! 4.5
brilliant car. sport mdel a bit on the firm ride side but good for long motorway journeys. I would buy another but only the 140BHP as good on power and fuel 4.5
I bought this car second hand to  run around in and for journeys between London where i live, and Derbyshire where the rest of my family live.. It has been very reliable. It returns over 50mpg on the motorway ( not bad for a decent sized car), I leave it parked sometimes for weeks while i am abroad on trips, it never fails to start first time when i get back into it. Its very comfortable and the heated seats are a plus in the cold winters. My only criticism would be the speed the electronic steering works at. I am used to being able to spin the wheel quickly , the steering stutters slightly when i do this. My vw mechanic says this is normal. Guess i am more used to a conventional setup.All in all a great car and good value. . I would buy another. 4.5
A dream of reliability after owning a Vauxhall Vectra estate, but nevertheless it was plagued with electrical faults in the door locks, which cost a fortune to repair and then went wrong again (kept individually locking themselves spontaneously). But this was a minor inconvenience, the car never left me stranded with children in the french countryside, as the vectra did. in general it was a work horse and a great family car.  replaced it as it got too expensive to run and dont need a big car now 4.5
80,000 trouble free miles.  Edinburgh to Alencon,Normandy on one tank of diesel fully laden with bikes on the roof.  Good motorway cruiser.  Ride is bit hard, but that's how I like it, in a Tuetonic sort of way.  At the moment I intend to run this car till it drops.  My next car will definitely be a Volswagen Passat! 4.5
Tyre life can be an issue but recommended pressure is 2.6bar quite high so people miss it Fuel economy great Particulate filter - the car needs good long runs  4.5
Great comfort   great engine 4.5
excellent good value for money 4.5
Very reliable car, had 7 yrs from new with no mechanical issues other than a Hand brake switch and wiper blades. 4.5
very comfortable car with plenty of power 4.5
Yes it is a bit like driving a tank at first but once you get used to it it drives like a dream.  Even the wife likes the solid feel to it and says that she feels really safe in it. 4.5
Great car. Fantastic economy. Reliable, good performance, practical. A top all round car. 4.5
We have owned one for 6 years and have been delighted with it all round, not least the boot space either with seats down or up. We average 15,000 miles a year including long trips to Southern France and Northern Spain as well as Scotland.  If we do not buy another it will only be because we think it is time to down size to a Golf or similar. 4.5
Two problems - seem to be common - water ingress + electrics. 4.5
One of the best vehicles I have had, very nippy motor when you need a quick burst of power, not the fastest car but can do well on long runs, did an 450 mile round trip twice in June the car never missed a beat very proud for a 10 year old car. 4.5
Owned up to 160k miles with no major issues(cv joint), not even an exhaust, great car. Now have another 2.0 TDI DSG sport estate WITH 121k MILES.... Love them. 4.5
A good car for eating up long journeys. Only complaint is that it can get uncomfortable if you are in the driving seat hour after hour.  4.5
A brilliant car and we wouldn't know what to replace it with. Fast, comfortable, economical, easy and cheap to repair but We Love Any Car reckon its worth about 5p. Not to us it isn't thank you very much. It does everything a new car will do but with less complication, I would buy another tomorrow if anything happened to this one. I like the fact it's an Audi underneath whereas its successor is an elongated Golf. With an unreliable electric handbrake... 4.5
As a caravaner and trailer tower,this car has been brill.Nearly 13 years old and still on the same battery.I`ve owned it from new and serviced it myself. 4.5
could possibly be the best car I have ever had had it for over 6 years now 4.5
I have had the car for about 6years and it's been a great pleasure to drive never given any problems,comfortable,reliable,easy to drive and for me to let go of this car is goner be very difficult I recommend this family car to everyone. 4.5
Great car love it 4.5
A good "workhorse" sort of car.ideal for self employed artisans for carrying tools and materials.Also excellent for continental camping holidays 4.5
Solid reliable family workhorse 4.5
A great reliable car,  good work horse  and will carry anything you need.  Not the most exciting car but love it 4.5
Can't fault it. Only replaced it as no longer needed a big car. 4.5
CANNOT REPLACE IT WITH ANYTHING AS GOOD WITHOUT SPENDING SILLY MONEY. PREVIOUS 2 CARS WERE PASSATS, & WHEN IT IS EVENTUALLY CHANGED IT WILL PROBABLY BE FOR ANOTHER PASSAT. 4.5
Brilliant car but need to find out more about its various functions. 4.5
45 miles to the gallon/10 miles to the litre minimum,62 to the gallon maximum. 4.5
Lovely at higher spec! 4.5
The vw Passat is a very sturdy reliable car,with good looks and very economical. 4.5
Have driven manual cars for 45 years now wish I had gone for automatic 10 years ago with roads so crowded and stop starting automatics now so good no jerky gear changes takes the stress out of motoring. Now DSG for me every time now. 4.5
The Passat is just one step ahead of cars in its class and price range. I is easy to drive has plenty of room for all the family and is cost effective. It is a car that is way above others in its build, quality of parts and equipment. 4.5
Wouldn't drive any other car 4.5
Really great car for family and business use.  Has lost ground in the looks department but great economy.  I routinely got 70mpg plus on longer trips. 4.5
great workhorse 4.5
Very reliable car that, despite it's size, is remarkably fuel efficient.  Lovely to drive, especially on long journeys.  Large boot and loads of room in the back so ideal business or family car. 4.5
Keep getting a parking brake fault appear but, it is 4 years old now and I have had no other problems. Easy to drive, and very economic. Great family car with plenty of boot space. 4.5
Great car reliable,solid family saloon. 4.5
Just a great workhorse - cheap to run - high spec - just a typical VW 4.5
Will be looking to buy another one when the time comes. 4.5
VW hat more can you say!! 4.5
Great car, would not go elsewhere 4.5
I have never owned a diesel before but when I bought this Passat second hand though it was 4 years old with 160000 miles it had a full history, was a top of the range Highline with the 170 bhp engine and even with a 140 mph top speed and a 0-60 in 8.5 seconds I regularly get 60 to 65 mpg in every day driving, a fabulous car and one which suits me with cruise control. CD player and electric heated leather seats 4.5
Was a lovely car. I normally keep a car for about 2 years I had this one for 3 1/2 years. 4.5
Don't get without reversing sensor !!! 4.5
Having had several passats for work as aself employed taxi driver , I had a huge respect for the reliability and comfort and great looks which the passats provided . Very economical great to drive ensured my customers got to there destination on time and in comfort . 4.5
Great car, electric heated seats fantastic!!!  4.5
Love it! Perfect car for long journeys and tall people! Loads of legroom front and back. Adore the cream leather upholstery.  Reluctantly need to sell as have two youngsters needing to learn to drive, need to downsize to city car. Its a hard choice!  4.5
Great car not one problem or complaint 4.5
Great car , comfy and has good acceleration , economical but Flywheel and injectors could be better :( 4.5
Good reliable car very good on long hauls 4.5
Good reliable car very good on long hauls 4.5
The VW Passat is a very good reliable value for money car. 4.5
Love it great all round 4.5
great car wood bye agne or up date same model 4.5
A great car all-round.    Very comfortable, good boot size and interior space.    Engine which responds with whoomph when needed e.g.overtaking.    Just have a  minor criticism with the delay in the turbo kicking in when leaving traffic lights, roundabouts etc.   You can get caught out if you're not vigilant to delayed pick up.        4.5
Quality and reliability is what you expect from vw Passat and your not disappointed. A pleasure to drive. 4.5
Pleasure to drive and always arrive relaxed 4.5
Overal it has been a reliable car 4.5
Good Car, the kind you want to keep 4.5
A great car  4.5
This is the first Volkswagen I have owned, I have had it for 5 years and it has never coughed the wrong way once. I was thinking of upgrading but I can not think of many reasons why I should spend money on a newer car when this is the most comfortable and reliable car I have owned. Recommend the VW range all day especially the Passat. 4.5
Electronics do be a problem with these cars (bit of a let down in the cold weather) but all else makes up for it, stylish, very little maintenance needed, comfortable for driver and passengers, plenty of space for all family requirements. Like every car, if you take care of it, it'll take care of you. 4.5
lA great car to have. I am very happy with my car  4.5
Good solidly built car and good long distance transport. Everything still working after 7 years.  I would get the estate next time. 4.5
Electronic handbrake takes some getting used to, but eventually it 'wins you over'.  4.5
enjoyed 6 years trouble free driving 4.5
One of the best cars i have owned 4.5
Superb cruising car, with loads of space, great on fuel, with power in abundance, parts & repairs expensive via main dealership, but can be serviced easily by any good motor engineer. 4.5
Lovely ride,powerful and in comfort  4.5
Great car would by another one loved my 2008 passat 170  4.5
Acceleration is powerful and fast smooth ride  4.5
For a big car this is one which has good levels of power especially the diesel. When things go wrong, they can be expensive so be prepared for that. Other than that they are very reliable, very comfortable and great as long distance cruisers. 4.5
Had vw passat cc for two years and had no problems at all with this car very reliable and comfy and quite good on fuel excellent car 4.5
The Passat is easily the best all round car I have owned. Practical, reliable and comfortable with great TDI performance and everything you would expect from German build quality. I sold this car after clocking up 183000 miles and it still ran like a watch!  4.5
I have owned my Passat for over 5 years and have covered 50,000 miles since buying it, I get 50-53 miles to the gallon on a long run and average 40-45 miles to the gallon around town, 4.5
Quality and reliability built in excellent boot space great fuel economy for such a large car. More room than an A4 with the same engine brakes and electric package. Next car will likely be another Passat     4.5
nothing bad to say about the car never let me down in the four years i had it . i paid ?3600 and got ?1850 part ex. 4.5
loved this car never had any trouble in the four years i owned it. Great Car!  4.5
The Passat Sport is a Great car which is totally reliable and being solid and robust while being sleek and elegant to look at. The car has been a great car for 10 years and would fully recommend this car to anyone.  4.5
Great reliable car. Drives  really well considering the 118k miles covered  4.5
The best car I've ever had in the last 55 years. Only wish I could afford another. 4.5
Great car runs on just about anything, many miles on straight veg oil with very little difference in power. also own the 1.8T Passat on a T plate, re-mapped, lowered induction kit, 200,000 miles and still beats brand new alfa's  BMW's etc fun car's. 4.5
a well built car as expected and amazed at economy in view of size of car 4.5
This is my third passat. Hopefully, not my last. With 140000 on the clock, it runs well using only 1 litre of oil between services at every 10.000 miles. 4.5
Never let me down 4.5
Cars done me good for a good few years  4.5
a goodreliable and very good  fuel eoconomical on the motorway. it is also astrong car.  4.5
i have only owned mine for 3months and it has done over 140.000 miles but it is very nice to drive and i am thrilled with it a really nice car. 4.5
This car has never ever let me down. It's been amazing for over 140,000 miles. I'll be sorry to see it go when I sell but I will sell it with the confidence that someone can still enjoy another 100,000 out of it. Easy.  4.5
Had the car 12 years ! One clutch fitted 117,ooo miles sweet as a nut 50 plus on a run 4.5
Great family car economical to run cheap to tax insure and service  4.5
best engine, best car I've ever owned....ever 4.5
great car. best that ive owend in my 22 years of driving. 4.5
its my 3rd Volkswagen car and my first was a scirocco then golf but in between these cars I had a lot of fords which wasn't that great 4.5
Fantastic car, not worth much in today's second hand car market! But you could not get a better car for double the price 4.5
I had this car for four years done 75000 miles in it The only monies spent on it was run of the mill  Servicing,tyres,Brake pads etc 4.5
We still have our T registered Passat brought in 1999. Though our main car is another VW a Tiguan ( another excellent vehicle) we still think very highly of our Passat. They go on forever and it still economical.   4.5
Best car I have had 4.5
Plenty of room, plenty of power when needed.good quality 4.5
I've had my Passat Estate for about 80,000 miles and it has been great. Load lugger when needed but doesn't feel lumbering like a Volvo estate I once had. Not a sporty car by any means can can shift really well in that 50-80 mph range that is so useful for speedy overtaking when you need it. I still like the look of it and I think it looks much better from the rear than the 'facelift' they gave it a couple of years ago. My taillights look way cooler! 4.5
In 7 years of ownership, only let down by electrical/coil problem. Superbly smooth turbo can give real boost (my was 1.8 petrol turbo 150ps) but not very frugal around town. Lovely comfortable motorway cruiser. 4.5
good workhorse,quality car that wont let you down. 4.5
Can a car be a part of the family?  I think so!  4.5
I have had this car for two years it has never let me down it is one of the most reliable cars I have owned I have not had ay problems with it at all. The fuel consumption is average for the age of the car, it is comfortable to sit in and easy to drive. The heater boost on it clears the screen in no time when it is steamed and even an icy screen only takes a couple of minutes to clear. All controls are within easy reach  I would not hesitate to recommend this car.  4.5
had lots of cars one of the best yet 4.5
Great car 3.2 l but road tax is over ?520 per year  4.5
It's good car to drive very comfortable with good space Sure recommended  4.5
Powerful but safe, car. 4.5
The car is excellent, no problems has done over 145000 miles, the fuel economy is pour 27 MPG on a long run. This is the only problem the car has apart from the fuel economy, the car still runs like a dream. 4.5
Fantabulous 4.5
Had this car for 10 years done 130k never let me down never had to repair or change anything apart from brake discs, still has original exhaust, clutch and timing belt this is the first year it has failed its MOT had to get new steering arms rubbers worne. 4.5
Great car, was in top condition.  Had it for 10 years and had no problems with it at all.  Just fancied a change so part ex'd it. 4.5
Dam good car, not let me down  4.5
Brilliant car, very good spacious area in estate, with over 70 mpg on a trip with 1.6 blue motion diesel. Will be replacing in a few years, and cannot see an alternative at the same price. 4.3
functional, practical and reliable. The 140 bhp definitely quick enough but next time would consider the more powerful option   4.3
A great family car capable of delivering a family to any destination in comfort and safety.  4.3
Solid motorway warrior 4.3
Car gives both ecconomy and lively performance when required. 4.3
Fantastically economical for size. Got 60+ regularly ( so long a don't welly it!) lots of space and comfortable - heated leather seats for the winter  4.3
Great car very nice drive  4.3
Great car but when towing fuel economy is not as good as I thought it should be  4.3
A good engine in terms of power and flexibility, but I wish it was quieter.  I drive with modest acceleration and anticipate braking, also limit typical motorway speed to 65-70, and consistently get 52+ mpg (and the on-screen figure tallies with forecourt records) 4.3
Poor rear vision heating not as good as could be wonderful cheap ish  to run load lugger   4.3
This is my second Passat Diesel Estate and I have loved them both. Practical, comfortable, economical, capacious yet a joy to drive. More fun than the BMW 5 I had before! And my local VW dealer is just the best when it comes to  service.  Really don't like parting with them - so my brother has my last one! 4.3
Easy to drive,park and a must have car for any family 4.3
Good engine - very quiet whether doing 30 mph or 90 mph.One slight problem is the delay of a second or two  when the turbo boost kicks in. Very comfortable ride,  and economic - 52 mpg on a long run, and about 35-40 round town. Have to be careful at junctions, when checking for traffic from the side; the windscreen pillars seem to be able to blot out the whole of the road, so you have to lean to see round them. 4.3
I have been very happy with my Passat and cannot fault any aspect of the car. Even at 80,000 miles it is a pleasure to drive!  4.3
Great car 4.3
Very nice the wife made get rid of it 4.3
Large boot 4.3
Really good car.Had it for last 4 years a no problems. 4.3
This was a thoroughly practical car which still entertained on the road. The DSG transmission works really well on the diesel and avoids the usual first/second annoyance with the manual every time you need a brisk getaway. Found the dealer so-so and had a couple of squeaky suspension bushes changed under warranty, but overall the car kept impressing with its sheer capability. The only thing to improve would be the slightly wooden feel to the steering. 4.3
2.0 tdi 170  dsg perfect car  4.3
Exellent Car to drive and very economical. 4.3
an excellent car. great for touring and fun when you want it to be. 4.3
My Passat is a 2ltr .TDI 170 with DSG .most are 140 I get fantastic fuel economy huge luggage area versatile in every respect and has proved to be great value for money. 4.3
Great car and catered for 2 adults and 2 boys under 4 and all the stuff needed for a journey. 4.3
Excellent car ,comfortable, spacious .Excellet size boot with seats up ,When using the estate with the seats folded down the amount and size of items you can get into this car is fantastic.Good all round car.  4.3
It does what it does very well.  4.3
Excellent, solid, reliable and economical family car.  It's taken us round France, Italy and Spain without any problems.  I have Greta confidence in this car.  Would buy the same again, but expect I'll be keeping this one for many years yet! 4.3
great fuel economy for a large car doing over 40 miles to the gallon combined driving 4.3
55mpg , a lot space , dim headlights . 4.3
It's very nice car. Love to recommend to others. 4.3
Would have another one 4.3
Lovley car to drive, with power to overtake when required even when going 70mph. I would recommend this car. The only negative is road noise while driving on motorways, but its only slight. 4.3
Great car did everything well! 4.3
Easy to drive and comfortable, but not the most economic diesel at little over 40 mpg - maybe it's the way I drive !  Still going strong at 120K miles plus, but now starting to give problems.  Ranging from minor like the most recent, a coolant sensor, to a gearbox and clutch !  But still worth more to me than I would get to sell it. 4.3
What I really like about the Passat is that it delivers a pure driving experience without too much electronic intervention that affects so many new cars. It's absolutely legendary in the snow and gives you the feeling of being unstoppable ! If only they built cars like this now for family life it's unbeatable and yes I have owned an S - Max before - it didn't hold a candle to the Passat, 4.3
Definitely not boring.Mine was the sport model,very quick of the mark.Average around 50 mpg but that depends on your routes and the way you drive.I regularly got 55 on a round trip of 40 miles.Good tow car as well. 4.3
No regrets about buying this car after being a Volvo estate devotee. Useful space for carrying stuff; handles well; good all round view so easy to manoeuvre. Has better fuel performance, power and speed than the Volvo. Prefer the sleeker look of this model compared to later ones. 4.3
Superbly reliable. Excellent fuel economy. Great workhorse and towing vehicle. Cheap to insure. Surprisingly  good performance. Slightly stiffer Sports ride. A little Teutonic but therefore no fussy. Intend to keep for ages. 4.3
The economy of this vehicle has the potential to be close to the advertised level of much more modern cars. 4.3
Simply a fantastic car. The best I have ever owned. Very reliable, tows my caravan better than many 4x4s. I can't praise it enough. Best money I have ever spent and I am loathed to part with it.  4.3
A GREAT RELIABLE CAR TO DRIVE - long or short distance journeys are a pleasure 4.3
great car very reliable could not fault it. 4.3
sensible car for sensible people. 4.3
Great workhorse, very dependable and carries loads without any problems. Comfortable ride, though the seats are quite soft - would prefer them to be a little firmer. Fast and economical on motorways. 4.3
Terrific car for a long journey and cruising on motorways. Versatile in use of internal space for varied purposes. But ...terribly expensive in fuel for short hops in town.  4.3
A true workhorse, nearly 1800ltrs of load space and a joy to drive lasting well over 250k  My only gripe is It's not the most exciting car to look at  Mpg is around the 45-50  Those with cruise control can achieve an mpg of upto 56 on a run Also look for the 130bhp 1.9tdi model for better power and general performance 4.3
Excellent car good for family. Spacious boot  even more so when flatten back seats. Economy is good, even better with newer version. Good visibility all round. Excellent  value for money family car.  4.3
very reliable and efficient. Good on fuel has been very economical generally 4.3
Lovely lovely lovely! As the poor old thing was nearly 15 we decided to P/X it. We got a 6 year old passat 2L saloon. Looks beautiful and classy but horrendous on fuel economy compared to the old car. Also miss the brilliant all-round visibility and so disappointed that parcel shelf can't be removed on the saloon. 4.3
This car has served us well over many years.  Apart from some electrical faults on the doors/boot there have been no serious problems.  Our only expense has obviously been new tyres and MOT services.  It has been very reliable and always started even in the coldest weather. 4.3
Fantastic but boring! Only sold this vehicle as my driving requirements have changed 4.3
The most comfortable car I have owned. Great for motorway driving it just cruises along. Auto hand brake is fine and I got used to it right away. Hill starts are a cinch. Boot space is fantiastic. Bad points ? Its a very long car so parking is more difficult than most. 4.3
mpg of 58.9 on fast motorway driving is about as good as you get 4.3
Brilliant car, only swaped because I prefer Hatchbacks. 4.3
I had this car for 5 years now and whilst its a great car to drive it has come with some issues 79000 miles - turbo ?1500 99000 miles - AC radiator ?350 4.3
Just eats up the miles with very little additional cost beyond standard servicing.  My 5th Passat, and it's great value for money compared to its sister A4. 4.3
A great alround vehicle.  Tows a trailer/caravan really well. A delight to own and economic to run. 4.3
great, practical car with lots of space and comfort 4.3
Very were pleased with our TDI Sport and we have since upgraded to the common rail engined version which is excellent and very quiet. 4.3
Good car, cost effective to run and very good fuel economy. Spacious interior and huge boot. 4.3
Great motor. I had mine for 5 years, 125k miles. Only problem was the fuel injection system failed after 120k, but VW replaced for free even though out of warranty.  4.3
excellent car  4.3
Its great car 4.3
Since when I bought this car I didn't have do anything is very reliable.  Big and comfortable inside. Great value for money.  4.3
Lovely car well built together with German reliability. The only downside to this model is VW had a big issue with the fuel injectors. I had three that had to be replaced after the guarantee expired. However in fairness to VW they met the full cost of replacing the injectors. 4.3
Have owned this Car for 6 years, 100% reliable, a warning to anyone considering purchasing one, just check the electronic handbrake caliper motors have been renewed, costly when they fail ?550 each wheel.  4.3
A great family car. Great leg room in back and massive boot. Decent fuel economy. Wouldn't consider anything else. 4.3
Good big family car with a huge boot, has got a good kick to overtake, the drive comfort is great, sound system amazing!! Common faults electronic handbrake switch becomes faulty, ingnition coil needs updated to the newer ones (Expensive work!! Make sure is carried out already) fuel injectors fault (?400 a piece..4 fuel injectors!! Although this has been recalled by VW) if those three jobs are done then this is a perfect car happy to do 100's of 1,000's of miles 4.3
Reasonable car to drive, good highway economy 4.3
VW knows how to making the strong engine, Gear box, and body . Absolutely fantastic  4.3
If you do a lot of short journeys in this car you may find you have trouble with the diesel partical filter becoming blocked.  4.3
I have my VW Passat for 6 years now and done over 110k miles with it. No major breakdowns. I have only replaced few small things.  4.3
A value for money car. Pity i does not drive as smoohly at low speeds in town as it does at higher speeds on motorways. 4.3
great car very economical never let me down love the Passat great for towing 4.3
the car is  lovley nice for drive  and verry economical  4.3
This was my first automatic, and fell for it during test drive. I suffer chronic back pain, and find the adjustable seat, driving position and the silky smooth auto box great. I am a taxi driver p/time and lots of customers comment on the comfort,and dash lighting at night really oozes class. Would not hesitate to buy again. Average 40 mpg working and can achieve 50+ easily on a run. 4.3
window & door trims catch leaves, dirt etc - not very easy to clean. 4.3
Excellent workhorse! 4.3
My car is good and the fuel consumsion is very good, powerful as well. 4.3
A good car but expensive to repair and service on parts but a good car overall.  4.3
Fast acceleration, heavy on the juice 4.3
Good reliable car, recommended for anyone who drives more than the average person 4.3
A superb car which has had no faults (beyond routine servicing of brakes. oil changes etc) in the 7 years I owned it.  Andrew Hutchison 4.3
Fantastic car....had to get rid as it was manual saloon. I wanted an estate and I also had to get an automatic as wife had new shoulder and couldn't handle manual gearbox. Fuel consumption is fantastic, at 75 mph get 54.3 mpg, and once touring Wales at a steady 45 mph - got 71.3 mpg. Reliability is fantastic, just keeps going.  Only disappointment was the bodywork, had to replace both front wings and the paintwork on the doors started to crack - not something you would expect from Volkswagen. Otherwise a fantastic car.  Not sure about the new automatic hand brake on the newer motors. 4.3
great car with Audi engines in them 4.3
The most reliable car I have ever owned. I am on my third passat. 4.3
The most reliable car I have ever owned. I am on my third passat. 4.3
I owned this vehicle for 10 years.  We used it to tow our caravan(s) and found it to be a superb towing vehicle.  It never really let us down and was the essence of reliability.  We were sad to see it go and reluctant to change to another manufacturer.  Unfortunately economics proved the deciding factor. 4.3
Great car 4.3
A great car that just keeps on going. Plenty of space for a saloon, and a fantastic mpg, whilst still producing the power.  4.3
Cheap road tax for size 4.3
comfortable mid-range 4.3
great car. picks up even when you are in 6th gear. 4.3
OVER 45 MPG, WELL ENGINEERED AND RELIABLE.  TYRES SEEM TO LAST FOR EVER AND THE TURBO CERTAINLY GIVES IT A COMPETATIVE EDGE AS FAR AS ECELERATION GOES.  THE  HEADLIGHTS COULD BE BETTER BUT ARE ADEQUATE.  THINKING OF FITTING FOG/DRIVING LIGHTS 4.3
superb 4.3
One of the best cars I have owned and I have had several cars over the years. Comfortable, reliable and very economical. I am only sorry that I had to sell it to buy a smaller car so my kids could learn to drive! 4.3
Great value family favourite.We had thecar for 13 years and travelled over 170000 miles in it. I gave it to my nephew and it is still going strong. My son bought a new one because of his experience with the car. I own a Toureag which I also love 4.3
Vw passats are a very reliable car especially the diesel model, gives excellent mileage and has the power and comfort. Can recommend it to everyone  4.3
does not own me anything and after 16 years still reliable and excellent on fuel. If you do 60 on the motorway it will give you 62 to a gallon. 4.3
Brilliant economy and reliability. If that's what you want, look no further 4.3
A rock solid motor with plenty of grunt. Not a sportscar but a fantastic package none the less. 4.3
Very good workhorse car. Comfort and reliability are as one with this car. Owned for 7 years and drove all over the country with ease. Great for people with dogs as plenty of room in the back. Overall a great car to live with. Would I get another? Yes indeed but diesel to save the penny's  4.3
Had  a Passat Estate for over 10 years and have been most satisfied in all respects. Very reliable god build quality and probably the best car I have had in 20 years. 4.3
Had  a Passat Estate for over 10 years and have been most satisfied in all respects. Very reliable god build quality and probably the best car I have had in 20 years. 4.3
Easily the best all rounder car I've owned. A real nice cruiser, cheap to run and pretty much bulletproof.  4.3
a real workhorse.Very reliable.Comfotable and a pleasure to drive.Loves long journeys and goes better and better even when has done 150000 miles! 4.3
My Passatt is an 03 plate. I've had it for years and though I've had Saabs, Volvos in the past this car is by far the most reliable. I wish it had a rear window wiper and heated seats but hey ho, you can't always have everything.  4.3
the car was fantastic on motorways and longer journeys , so comfortaBLE , and solid , it was a bit of a gas guzzler around town  though .ix 4.3
Great car. This was the third one I have owned, two of which have been petrol 1.8 Turbos. Performance was excellent with a smooth drive for a car of its age. I wouldn't hesitate to buy another diesel or petrol model. It was alos extremely reliable. 4.3
A great all round family car 4.3
The most amazing understated beast there is and so rare as well. Nearly 300bhp super quite and only 163 ever sold in this country......get one while you can!!! 4.3
UNDERSTATED AWESOMENESS................................POWERFUL BUT POOR ECONOMY BUT CAN LIVE WITH IT :-) 4.3
Very reliable, solid car. Nothing to do apart from servicing and normal wear and tear repairs. 4.3
 economical , extremely reliable  4.3
Fantastic build quality and reliability - not a town car but good mpg on the motorway. 4.3
great car with comfy interior and VW reliability, responsive and sturdy. 4.3
very reliable and comfortable at the same time. 4.3
Keep it serviced and it will run for ever 4.3
Pass at is brilliant 4.3
It's 13 years old and the main  problem we have found with VW cars, since have a 2007 VW polo too, is that the electrics are prone to fault. Locking system in both cars gets messed up by the centralised locking system, after a few years. It's not the part but the mechanism and communication between the keys and the locks  4.3
This is by far the best car I have  ever owned, and the comfort & reliability is sperb 4.3
Excellent car. Owned one from new for 13 years and only ever replaced battery,tyres , cambelt and disc brakes over 95000 miles. Original  exhaust and clutch. Very spacious and comfortable with large boot.Great  family car.  4.3
German build quality and reliability. What's not to like. The 1.8T has performance and economy and the cabin has a quality feel to it. 4.3
Had one and took it to 200,000 miles on the clock never missed a beat 4.3
Had a V5 Passat for ages. Lovely car, very comfortable, nice to drive. Drinks petrol. 4.3
VW  reliability in a practical yet almost sporty package! Comfortable for long-distance family trips yet lively enough for daily work and pleasure driving. Spacious enough for this 6ft 6" driver and plenty of cargo.  4.3
One of the most modern looking cars when it was launched. 4.3
Now sold, car was very reliable and comfortable, drove to South of France with Full load without problem 4.2
When I parted with mine I had done 77k miles from new, never missed a beat, good long haul car with plenty of overtaking torque at 70mph returning a respectable 46mpg around the doors and 51 or so on long distance.  Very quiet and loads of lugauge space 4.2
Would recommend this car to any family person. We have had this car for three and a half years and has not had a single problem. we travel from London to Cardiff a lot and the we find it to be very economical. 4.2
Had this car since new. Has been 100% reliable apart from one dealership induced fault (They put too much oil in the engine) with turbo sensor. Fuel economy average is 46 mpg with an easily achieved 52mpg on motorways and have even managed 60mpg over 200 mile runs. Quick response 140PS engine, fantastic DSG auto  gearbox. Comfortable and quiet to drive over long journeys. Not a racing car but quite quick and certainly responsive. All round parking assist fitted is excellent.   4.2
A real work horse. Good fuel consumption with bags of boot space 4.2
Beingquite tall and suffering a bit of arthritis I did find I had to bend my neck and shoulders to get in and out comfortably 4.2
Check the electronic hand brake  when they go down its very expensive 4.2
Excellant car very practical but also rather bland 4.2
Just driven to the Algarve and back and again to the South of France without a glitch. 4.2
Having had a PASSAT for the last 7 years, the only costs have been new tyres and annual servicing 4.2
Little problem with injectors due to manufacturing problem.  4.2
Does what it is designed to do, but very well! 4.2
lovely sturdy car very spacious and reliable also good for my family of four 4.2
The gearbox takes a bit of getting used to if you press the accelerator just that bit to hard it takes off with a bit of a thud but and if you are trying to reverse on a steep incline its very tricky as the car rolls  but I just love the car its fab.  4.2
I wanted a reliable sturdy diesel estate car for transporting my chlidren and labrador dogs. I've owned my Passat for nearly 4 years and have had no problems. I like the road handling and safety aspect especially in bad weather  conditions. I do lots of short journeys on country roads as well as long motorway trips where fuel consumption is very economical. I would definitely recommend,  infact the only point i dont like about my car is that it doesn't have leather seats (and thats only because the dogs hairs are a nuisance on the cloth seats!! )         4.2
Excellent fuel economy, plenty of room for family camping trips. Reliable mechanically 4.2
The injectors had been replaced under warranty so if they have needed to be replaced again that is not good.  4.2
Infinitely reliable comfortable versatile fast and safe 4.2
Comfortable and roomy inside, plenty of load space. Reliable engine.Ideal for business use or travelling around with family. 4.2
A real work horse and very reliable. 145,000 and still going strong with no more than services 4.2
Very reliable and solid vehicle. Had 2 so far both from new. Unfortunately the present vehicle has a bit of a gearbox whine after 140,000 miles 4.2
Probably keeping this car as second vehicle.   Steady, reliable car and excellent in snow. 4.2
good all round estate 4.2
a great car for most contingencies would recomemd and will probabley buy anther at a later date 4.2
had the car from new.  Never let us down even driving from England down to Marbella over 5 years with a dog. Offered a 5 series BMW but it was not as exciting to drive as the Passat.  Difficult choice when we have to change it 4.2
Don't float though. 4.2
Great car and great on fuel 200,000 miles on clock and still pulling well 4.2
Total work horse still going after 13 years of hard driving still goes through mot with no work needed 4.2
i thought it was a great car only trouble was the DMF went and it cost me a lot of money to get it done along with a new clutch which is mandatory due to prevailing circumstances the car had to go regretably i believe the DMF problem was due to a bad batch of flywheels prevalent at the time was reg 04 ..  4.2
A good condition car. Robust, reliable, engine is very good as long as you service right and change the worn out  parts to new ones. Not second hand.  4.2
Since i bought car april 2014 qwith 30000 on clock i have done 23000 miles and find car to be great comfirtable easy to drive and reliable  4.2
First VW I have owned and it has been incredibly reliable and cost efficient especially as I put 40,000 miles a year on it for work. Also the staff at the VW garage where incredibly helpful in finding me the best car for my budget. 4.2
Large saloon comfort - small saloon economy. 4.2
Not very exciting,  but scores highly on all other aspects. 4.2
Reliable, safe and sturdy. It's a fantastic car. 4.2
Set on cruise control at 72 mph this car returned  between 55-58 mpg.  For a big car excellent.  Reliability never questioned, German engineering.   4.2
Grey family car with outstanding economy for a big car, effortles and fun to drive too 4.2
good reliable and safe car , with excellent MPG 50+,.  but like most modern cars virtually drives themselves no real difference to drive than any other large family car.   4.2
The car had logged over 105,000 miles when I sold it and during the time that I had it, I only had a couple of mechanical problems with it. The clutch servo split and released the fluid after about 60,000 miles, was one of those occasions. Very unusual, I have not come across this problem before. The other problem was the injectors on the engine wore out after approximately 80,000 miles. VW did contribute towards this repair, as they said that it should not have happened. I was happy with the outcome. I am driving another Passat now, so I must be satisfied. 4.2
Reat car all round  4.2
In the 8 years I have had the car I have had no issues at all 4.2
One of the cars around 4.2
The most reliable vehicle i have ever owned. 4.2
Great car on reliability 4.2
Vw passat is brilient car its very comefort nice to drive very fast smooth and fuel average is good i love my car  4.2
Cheap to tax and insure, fuel economy was outstanding! 4.2
Excellent car to drive with good economy 4.2
Reliable car, comfy, looks stylish, great size boot, plenty of legroom, good on fuel (diesel) great family car 4.2
Ok car. 4.2
2010 model Volkswagen passat 2.0 diesel hi line saloon         Colour. silver 4.2
Driven many exec cars and Passat is still hard to beat especially at the price compared to the exec cars - great car, good features, robust German build quality and a decent price. After sales at local VW garage good too and always willing to price match.  4.2
Great car to drive 4.2
An ideal Motorway car effortless cruising with good economy. 4.2
Great car to drive, electronic hand brake doesn't offer 100% reasurrance. 4.2
Good 4.2
Fantastic cars!!!!!! 4.2
Having owned two E Class Mercedes before buying the Passat I was worried about potential lack of creature comforts, equipment levels and cost of ownership. I needn't have worried! I have owned the car 6 years ( a lot longer than previous cars). It has been a joy to own and drive, it has sailed through all MOTs, has rarely let me down and I am now tempted the buy another VW very soon. 4.2
Love it 4.2
Check the brakes on a test drive; mine were incredibly sharp. 4.2
My Passat has always been reliable - tons of room as well, ideal for road trips!  4.2
Great family car, easily fit all the shopping and a pushchair in the boot, very comfortable but beware of ignition key faults! 4.2
The only thing I would like on this car is a rear wash wiper 4.2
This car is a great work  horse and has served me well over the past five years.  It is an expensive car to maintain and I have had to replace parking brake parts, ABS unit, coil springs, indicator repeaters on the passenger door.  I would recommend this car to anyone as value for money.  It still runs like a dream and I have had no problems with the power unit itself or gearbox. 4.2
Great drive..spacious...reliable...great fuel economy...would recommend 4.2
REALLY GREAT ON FUEL AVG 50+ ON MOTORWAY JOURNEYS. ALL ROUND A NICE CAR TO OWN. 4.2
After thirteen years and 247000 miles the car is still comfortable,reliable and returns over 50mpg. Nice one VW. 4.2
Lets water in though vents into rear seat compartment otherwise very good allround  4.2
Good all round performer precisely what any one would need 4.2
Good all round performer precisely what any one would need 4.2
A great car looking forward to next year to buy a new model 4.2
The passat is a superb, reliable car. A great drive highly recommended. 4.2
I've done about 30000 miles in the last 2 years including a couple of trips to Berlin. Its never let me down. Got about 40 mpg at 190 kph on the autobahns and similar for short journeys in this country. 4.2
You should also mention the many exelent safety aspects of this car 4.2
Great car would have another. 4.2
Overal an excellent car apart from some minor bodywork defects, particularly the front wheel arches. 4.2
Had this this car from new for ten years and it did over 160000 miles. This was the best Passat that VW have produced.  Later models have not come up to that standard. The ride comfort is not so good in later models, nor he reliability. However the new  crossline engines are very efficient. 4.2
A great car, never broke down once in 10 years of driving 4.2
Solid,comfortable, and reliable cars 4.2
It is still a lovely car to drive. A bit heavy on fuel consumption.. Despite it's age and mileage done the bodywork is fantastic.  However, it handles well on motorways. A good experience ! 4.2
its an ideal car for long and short trips. hence why i have still got it 8yrs later. 4.2
It was a great car to drive. it was excellent in drive, comfort and fuel economy.  4.2
Best diesel saloon that's out there. So reliable. Worry free motoring  4.2
This car has one of the most reliable and fuel efficient engines in its range. The engine, if looked after correctly, will easily pass 200,000 miles. The car is spacious and has excellent ride quality. The downsides are it can be quite noisy at high speeds and my tensioner is loose so you get a whine sometimes. All in all an excellent car that will do you proud. I would recommend this car to my friends and family anyday of the week. 4.2
The VW passat was a fantastic car and never let me down and i ran the car to 320,000 miles. 4.2
What can I say 220,000 miles and still going strong.  4.2
Love it but a bit ugly now! 4.2
Eleven years old but still performing faultlessly. Everything works as it should and over the five years I have owned the car only the required servicing and M.O.T. checks have been needed. The car is taken into Europe several times a year and on each occaision we tend to travel over a thousand miles and never give any consideration  to the vehicle failing to perform. 4.2
A practical sensible family car  4.2
It has been a fantastic servant with comfort and reliability being the main points. VW are world renowned for producing reliable, economic cars and this one is no different. When we do sell ours, we will head straight on down to the local dealers looking for similar .....and it has to be VW 4.2
I have a pass at estate 1'8turbo and the can shift and it.s reliable 4.2
My car has been regularly serviced. for the last 10 years by the same mechanic it has done 225,000 miles and is a dream to drive. 4.2
My Passat was a  2000 model and I had it for 11 years, selling it only because of leg problems.  It was a terrific, reliable car which I sold on and I understand it is still going on trouble free.  If the seats were high enough I would get another like a shot. 4.2
Owned mine for 5 yrs and never let me down once very reliable German motor.  4.2
My car was guaranteed to start first time and had fantastic comfort for the family. Being a 2.0 petrol it was a little bit thirsty in the town runs but that was to be expected, overall, great car 4.2
Great car to drive, heavy and robust - typical German build, very comfortable and very well equipped, you get a feeling of being safe when driving. Downside : its Expensive to run,service and repair - if that is not a problem - super car. 4.2
Apart from a few anomalies the Passat is a great motor.  4.2
very underestimated, but good value for money! 4.2
This car may not look the most exciting car in town but is built for the long haul. On the motorway it is supreme. Super smooth and comfortable makes it the ideal long distance cruiser. London to St Andrews with a single break and no discomfort tells the story. If you want a well specced car with acres of space, pace to burn and capable of covering huge distances whilst giving 50mpg. Look no further. 4
Not as good as the "W" reg 1.9TDi which I owned before this. Tailgate annoying in the way it dumped water into the loadspace when it was opened in wet weather! "Automatic" parking brake took a lot of getting used to. Otherwise solid and reliable, with good tyre life and excellent fuel economy-I regularly bettered 50mpg measured "full to full". 4
Runs very well tho starting to show its age 4
Excellent family car, reliable and comfortable. 4
loved the car .The garage where i purchased it was to blame. They were absolute rubish. 4
Very safe and reliable,fabulous load-carrying capacity. 4
Running on linger journey's got near enough 50 mpg. Around town thirstier, but that's normal for any car of 2litre automatic standard 4
A great work horse, very nippy and frugal with it- 4
Nice car 4
Nice car 4
Fantastic car to have 4
Injectors replace at a recall, otherwise a good comfortable car 4
I've have an '06 model that has done 220,000 miles. Just had new turbo but hey, what do you expect at this mileage. Still running strong. Would certainly recommend. 4
An estate is never going to be an exciting car to drive, however it is a comfortable and pleasurable car to drive. Only fault, which prevented me from awarding 5 stars for reliability, is the electronic handbrake failed once, a common fault which should be fixed by a recall by VW. 4
I want this car to last forever, it is the mechanical hub of our family. 4
Good all round work horse for motorway Or the tip run on Saturday Brilliant for the summer run to theSouth of France  4
I upgraded to a newer blue motion passat sport. I was very impressed in the design and handling especially in the wet 4
good comfy &  reliable work horse. 4
It's an estate car so obviously it is not going to be as exciting as a sports car and will not corner like one either.  As a work horse it is a brilliant car that keeps its value well. 4
This car was reliable and comfortable to drive. It had a sturdy and safe feel to both its handling and cornering.. Other than annual servicing  it cost nothing to maintain.  4
Every reliable and great boot space 4
I had the car for nearly 8 years. I sold a 3 litre Renault and bought the Passat. The first time I drove it I thought I had bought a tank. Once I got used to the different power expectation, the car grew on me. Though it could never be called exciting to drive it was extremely comfortable, reliable and perfect for motorway cruising. It must have had something, as I said I kept it for 8years.  4
Boring to look at but economical and nice to drive and it has never let me down. 4
The car has now completed 185,000mls. I bought  with 110,000 on the clock and apart from a new radiator and brakes discs / pads (fair wear and tear) Has far has I'm aware it's got the original exhaust and battery. p.s. This is my 4th. Passat, number 3 had 150,000 before I changed it. 4
i HAVE HAD THE CAR FOR 5 YRS AND i WOULD BE HAPPY TO BUY ANOTHER HIGHLINE AS i THINK IT REPREESENTS GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY WITH gOOD SPEC ON THE hIGHLINE AND IS VERY ECONOMICAL AND A GOOD DRIVE. 4
Great reliable family car if looked after and serviced regularly. But when things do go wrong then repairs can be pricey. Overall a fabulous car. 4
92k miles and still runs like a dream. Had a few problems with electric windows, rear door lock but mainly just due to fatigue. 4
Great reliable workhorse. Cheap to maintain, cheap to run. 4
very reliable but not too smart that people want to steal it 4
Good all rounder and my estate is a great work horse for a self employed, hands on trader. 4
great work horse just keeps going 40-50 mpg look for the 130 ps tdi had one for 12 years never let me down. still driven by family. 4
I loved this car. Big enough for buggy's holidays kids gigs and pets. Moving furniture etc loved it Ltd ?? 4
You can't go wrong with one of these, I had one for 12 years from new and it was still going strong when I traded it in for a newer model.  the 90 & 110 bhp models are gutless when loaded up but the 140 bhp version is fine. 4
A very reliable , functional and comfortable car. Perfect for motorway driving. Not so good in town driving as I find it prone to stall too easily but that is perhaps my bad driving! Economical and cruise control very usef. Boot is spacious. 4
Great all round car. Not the most exciting but hard to beat the complete package. 4
An excellent comfy cruiser with some poke! Better than it's Jaguar equivalent I owned before. 4
Don't even consider one without a rear parking sensor - it's impossible  to see anything over the huge boot !  4
Only fault I can find is that the model I've got has no reversing sensors . So it's difficult to judge the distance form the thing you are reversing towards 4
Great price & value for money 4
is very nice car good to drive own for 2 years and dont need to do evry thing wroks fine 4
Had a couple of problems with the passat, both very expensive to replace, one of which was an injector problem which VW later gave us money back for works due to it being a recognised fault, the other which after researching I also found was a common fault was the oil pump balance shaft which VW would not help with even though failure was due to a known weak chain linkage. 4
reliable and dependable in any weather  4
A all round good car. Never let me down! 4
noisy engine even for a diesel otherwise a good car. A feeling of strength and safety. 4
An excellent car, which I had from new and covered over 140,000 miles at an average of just over 43 miles per gallon over the entire period.  4
Very comfortable. Great at motorway miles.  Good performance and very reasonable economy.  4
We love our car and it never let us down , we had this car over 4 years and never been a problem even in bad snow no problem. We recommend this car to all  4
Very good n nice cars 4
very good and very nice 4
Great car when it wasn't in the garage lots of electrical sensor problems ????? every time it went in  got fed up of paying out in the end it had to go wasn't high mileage 44,000 !! 4
Great car very good spec too. Proper family size car 4
Super car. Brake calipers are annoying though  4
Excelent Car with above average comfort features. 4
It is a great economic car, with great reliability. However, I do think there are other diesel cars out there which might be more fun to drive. The Passat does make up for this in comfort and reliability and fuel economy though.  4
Had car over 6 yrs and was happy with  unit always 4
170k, one clutch, three learner drivers & still going strong! 4
afordble 4
Nice comfortable car with plenty of room for passengers, turbo ?800 went on mine so hence the reliability but until then a great car. 4
I have had this car for 9yrs have done 111.000 miles and never had a problem. When i give lifts to people they all say what a lovely drive., and ask if it is diesel. Highly recomended. The space in this vehicle is unbelievable. 4
done 208000 miles with very little trouble and engine has been fine 66 to the gallon brilliant 4
Just an all round workhorse family of a car. 4
I now have a Bora Highline  1.9 Tdi  It is all the car I would ever want. Comfy, solid and totally reliable. Economy is brilliant, I achieved 61 mpg last night driving from Essex into London .  Superb. 4
Have had some things go wrong - 3 electric windows fail, coils, air-conditioning (which cost a FORTUNE to have fixed repeatedly due to VW garage 'computer says there's nothing wrong') but has done 130K with few essential things going wrong. Absolute work-horse with tons of space. 4
very reliable and economical car and not bad looking  4
Had the car about 4 or 5 years.  Enjoyed driving it from day one.  Electrics started to develop faults laterly.  Headlights poor.   4
A real excellent worhorse and very reliable 4
Super car to drive. Miss it. :(  4
It has everything you want, but with all the other models putting out similar size cars with more options, this saloon just feels like it lacks something...or am I just being picky? 4
I can only speak for my experience. My Passat 2l petrol has done 176000 miles and is running beautifully. I have had very few problems over this mileage and I find VW in general to be extremely reliable. 4
Bought new, I ended up running my Passat for over eleven years. Although the old 2.0 petrol engine was thirsty, the car compensated by requiring almost nothing other than standard consumables over the period. Generally more comfortable and spacious than its competitors, particularly in the rear passenger compartment, the comparatively small boot lid and pronounced supporting structure limited the saloon's ability to carry large items; this was a problem of access rather than actual boot volume though.  Great driver's car but also appreciated by passengers. Runs well enough on any tires, but is transformed by spending a few quid more for something better; 15" steel rims means that even good brands are relatively affordable. 4
It has always been a great car, from the first time I sat in the driver's seat till I reluctantly had to sell the car. The ride was comfortable, there was ample power under the bonnet, and the car always delivered a wonderful drive. 4
Good car to drive. 4
Great car still fast  4
 I love this car, in fact I still have this.Its nice to drive. 4
lovely car, very comfortable and reliable. not brilliant on fuel but not the worst around town. overall a very well built car 4
brilliant car! very comfortable!! 4
Great car. Put fuel in, changed oil when needed and put some tyres on. 6 years of ownership and 130000miles. Now passed on to a member of family. Only wish they still made them as good as this. 4
very clean , low maintenance, good drive ,  good size boot, spaceious 4
very reliable car but mine was old and had very high mileage 4
Very comfortable & roomy family car 4
I've not been a Passat owner for long but the car feels like luxury when sitting in it and driving. The engine is responsive and the ride smooth, fuel economy is what you would expect from a car of this size. 4
I have an automatic saloon passat 1.8 petrol 1998 'S'reg. I find it reliable and very comfortable to drive,I just wish I had cruise control that would make all the difference as it would reduce the noise level and improve the performance.   4
This is a company car for me.  Choice between this (in a high spec) or a 3-series / A4 in a more basic spec.  Have to say, pleased with the decision overall.  It is fairly dull but I'd rather have all the toys than nothing at all.  The built in child seats are a joy and connecting my iphone via bluetooth for music etc is great.  It's a reasonably pleasant place to sit, it's the bluemotion model and I probably get about 44mpg out of it (combined) which is not too bad, reliability has been fantastic, and not had as many punctures as I feared with big low profile tyre.  Space is pretty good too.   3.8
Nice car only sold as we needed to down size and release some money 3.8
Inadequate heater.Other faults include electronic braking,air bag and defective turbo.Nevertheless a great motorway car. 3.8
Good car 3.8
Overall have enjoyed this ca 3.8
Great car and very econimical 3.8
Passat Sport Estate, is a nice car but would of looked better with the R Line styling 3.8
My Passat (2.0 litre 170PS) has proved reliable and passengers comment on how comfortable and quiet it is, especially for a diesel. Performance is not bad for what is a family car and it is very relaxed at well above  UK motorway speeds (I.E. on German autobahns) The DSG gearbox is great with the option to change gear yourself if you wish. The auto hold function is very useful in stop/ start traffic, On a run you can get 40+ mpg if you keep to the speed limits but if you drive it hard this will drop to 30 or less mpg. Road holding and braking is good. 3.8
Only problem I have is the service from the garage  3.8
Beautifully put together,spacious,great family car,cruises effortlessly whilst sipping fuel and far better to drive than an equivalent Volvo. 3.8
its a bit twitchy on the cpu but havin got myself a reader its not a problem anymore. need to get used to being low down again from a 4x4 . seams reliable so far not had it long     3.8
Owned this car for 7 years ,never let us down,travelled all over the uk for holidays on a long run averaged over 50 mpg only money we had to spend was on servicing and general wear and tear .was quite sad when we sold it even though we had bought a vw touareg  3.8
Very economical on fuel, reliable and solid. 3.8
Pros Comfortable to drive, reliable, solid, lovely interior, very VERY spacious  Cons 1.6 too underpowered for size of car - couldn't pull the skin off custard, fuel economy takes a pounding in towns - more so than you'd expect, that ridiculous anaolgue clock in the middle of the dash!!!! You won't have fun in a passat but wherever you'll go you'll be comfy  3.8
I never any problem with mine. Therefore, won't be able to no to this car.  3.8
nice car 3.8
Not the most awe inspiring of cars but does everything it is supposed to do very well.  Great for clocking up lots of miles on the motorway even if it doesn't set your pulse racing. 3.8
Very please  with the car. 3.8
The Car is quite difficult to park as it is very long and doesn't fit into the average allowed parking space 3.8
Passat, comfortable fam?y car... 3.8
I have had the car for 2 years now and never had any problems only down side is the fuel consumption and mileage per gallon, although for a car its size is not too bad,this is my fourth Passat so that tells its own story,my only other gripe would be the service charges and when the timing belt needs changing   can be quite hefty. 3.8
really good car  3.8
Purchased my VW Passat 2.0 TDI DSG as used.  What can I say ? It's been a good buy for me.  It's a great everyday car. Dependable. Comfortable enough for the money spent.  Nice enough to drive. Performance good. Fuel consumption okay.  Just had it serviced at 69,000 miles. Nothing additional required in the service report.   Would I have another Passat ?  Yes.  3.8
Bought the Passat nearly 2 years ago as a stop gap while looking for a replacement Skoda Superb. Apart from recurring airbag warning light problem (now resolved) it has been totally reliable. Lacks a few of the Superb's refinements but very happy with it.   3.8
electrical equipment could be better 3.8
Very  good car recommended 3.8
  I bought my 2.0 tdi 56 plate car when it was 3 years old and it has needed its injectors replaced (V.W. did the job under goodwill) and I understand that they have now done a recall on a batch of Siemans injected models.  Since then it has burnt out the C.D. radio, needed replacement steering parts and most recently the air con has packed up, luckily I know a very good auto electrician who was able to strip it down and restore it at a fraction of the 1k it would have cost if it had gone to V.W.  I call the car "Christine" after the film, as it seems to have its own mind and sometimes decides not to allow various doors or the handbrake to unlock.  When it hasn't got "issues" it is a pleasure to drive and on a run I regularly achieve 50+ mpg.     3.8
Good all round car, a pleasure to drive and good on economy 3.8
Excellent car from new but after 60k miles  some major things started to go wrong. Advice sell on after 3 years or 60k. 3.8
A steady motorway car that eats up the miles in absolute comfort.  The only thing to be careful about is the Diesel Particle Filter - the car needs motorway speeds periodically to clear the filter and stop particles ending up in the engine. 3.8
There is a common fault with one of the injectors failing. If it does the car won't start. Expect to pay ?1000 at Vw for repairs! 3.8
Sports seats have high side bolsters which are uncomfortable for the larger person and the bonnet line is so low you cannot see the end of the car when driving, but otherwise an excellent mid range choice 3.8
its agood car but spares are expensive 3.8
Good car in general 3.8
Superb car the best I have had will be getting another 1 in the next few yrs  3.8
Suffers reliability problems at120k with piston failure 3.8
As I would expect from vw as this was my sixth vw  3.8
It's not too bad. 3.8
Easy to Drive with above average comfort and made even better with the DSG gearbox.   Boot is a good size and easily houses my two large dogs.  Considered boring but with 1.8 TSI engine it is quicker than many (8.5 secs to 60mph) and is good value for money. 3.8
Lovely balanced car. 3.8
reliable car had never let me down. 3.8
Its a great car, its done 130,000 miles now and still going strong. Boot space is huge! Only problem is that it drinks fuel.  3.8
Good reliable motor 3.8
Plenty of space and comfort good spec on all models 3.8
reliable sturdy car 3.8
Would gladly buy another one. Absolutely good car 3.8
One of the best cars I've owned so far.... Love a VW 3.8
Very good car 3.8
Have  owned mine from new for 13 years and it is extremely reliable and particularly good for long journeys. 3.8
A great car 3.8
Comfort could be better but for running around town and for longer journeys the fuel consumption is great. Also quite a descent boot size as it is an estate and equipment levels (for the year). 3.7
 A good fam?ly car with enormous carriage ability 3.7
Enjoyed owning my passat, 3.7
A good car to drive excellent mechanic very happy with it.  3.7
Great accommodation - better than the Audi A6 that replaced it.  Reliability let down by expensive diesel injector failing in outside lane of M1 and stereo failing with my CD's inside. 3.7
The load space of the car is amazing. Managed to take a single bed in it with room to spare. But it has had some niggling problems with door locks, steering lock, and a strange un identifiable noise. 3.7
What a great car to drive it was fast, large, fast, comfortable, fast, economical but above all else it was a VW which meant it was unreliable and expensive to fix. In three years it left us stranded on the side of the motorway three times with our two young children. The biggest problem with all this was the dealers / VW's attitude.  3.7
I have had four Passat Estates, this particular car was let down with repeated injector and injector wiring loom failures 3.7
Good all round family car - quite good  economy, reliable, comfortable, roomy with reasonable performance. At it's best on long distance runs.  3.7
Had quite a few problem with our and i own 5 of them i will move on to mercades 3.7
Fantastic build quality, good looks, good to drive and loads of room in the cabin and the boot 3.7
Overall a good piece of kit at a reasonable price.  3.7
The passat is a great workhorse there is plenty of power from the 2litre (140bhp) engine. The electronic handbrake is fragile with rear calipers being an expensive replacement. Load space is massive, the ride is comfortable but it could hardly be described as exciting. In summary does exactly what it says on the tin, gets you and loads of kit from A to B with no fuss. 3.7
Good reliable car. 3.7
radio and sat nav very poor and plastic was flakey 3.7
the car has had lots of problems turbo injectors rear suspension rear brakes about 6 thousand pounds  worth of work  3.7
Miss a proper handbrake.Too many electronics for my liking. 3.7
It only took 5 years for one calliper to fail - 525 pounds, and the hand break button had failed before that. Why would VW UK ignore such an important and potentially dangerous fault and spoil an otherwise excellent car. Having the 140ph engine there was also an injector recall . Without warning my car had the injector failure leaving the car without power while I was driving it. The injectors were replaced quickly but no mention of compensation for the vehicle recovery. 3.7
Great car. Build quality is great 3.7
Nice car, spacious and economical.. Would definitely recommend  3.7
Well build car, nice internal aesthetics, good all round family or executive car 3.7
Does all you expect from vw Absolute reliability! 3.7
I've had my Passat for at least seven years. It has clocked up over 100 thousand miles and still I am unable to let it go! It has been a superbly reliable car. Drives well. Has a solid feel when driving. Good acceleration. I would buy another Passat but the only down side for me now is the size and cost of fuel (isn't that the case for most of us!). I need something smaller and more economical with fuel.  3.7
Good reliable car had it for 11 years never let me down 3.7
Car is lovely to drive, although the sump is very low so when going over humps you have to be careful as once it hit so bad the engine oil was leaking underneath which did cost a bit to replace and fix. I feel that the car is great to drive and does pull, just be careful with the fuel locally, but motorway it's a breeze. 3.7
great car but suspension expensive to  repair 3.7
The car is roomy, comfortable and solid feeling. It is responsive and, in the main, a pleasure to drive but, not so good on ice/snow (as its gears are sensitive and it doesn't like going slowly in 2nd for example). I am however, very disappointed with its fuel consumption. I frequently travel to and from the south of France and over a 600 or so motoway journey only average about 35 miles per gallon. 3.7
Solid and comfortable and fantastic to drive on the motorway , but thirsty in petrol around town  3.7
Fuel economy in the petrol version is not brilliant. Although the car is reliable, at 12 years old, it was getting expensive to maintain. The car was comfortable and great to drive. 3.7
one of the best second hand car ever bort. 3.7
Very comfortable and spacious. Joy to drive. 3.7
Had the car for about 11 years from new.  Very reliable and not too expensive to maintain.  Good driving position and hard to fault i as a 'run of the mill' family saloon. 3.7
1999 model, never let me down, is a bit thirsty but i dont use it for commuting 3.7
Great car when I had it.  Wife wanted something newer.  3.7
Expensive repairs , a bit dull to drive but safe and solid not a patch on a mondeo though 3.5
LIked the car generally, but with less than 1000 miles on the clock the oil light came on & had to top up the oil. Garage informed of this. Was told after 1st service it would be o'k. Not so every 2 or 3 thousand miles the oil needed topping up. Very disconcerting, it had to go! 3.5
The 2 litre turbo diesel Passat Estate provides good performance with practicality. A fairly comfortable car and a good motorway cruiser. 3.5
Just above average car in all respects, for a tall person like myself it is awkward to enter the car due to the door height line being a couple of inches too low. 3.5
Electronic handbrake failed once. Fuel pump failed, VW paid for that. Fuel injectors failed, costing ?1000 plus, VW eventually paid for that.and had the remaining injectors replaced. Other than that I still love the beast. 3.5
Good workhorse, reliable with plenty of room. 3.5
Injectors replaced twice. Front wings replaced because of rust. Rear wheel arches repainted because of rust. New clutch fitted. Mileage now 58000. 3.5
Good runner, solid build,massive space easy to drive , can be high on maintenance if not surviced regular. The TDI140 is gutsy  as well as equipped,typical VW work horse. 3.5
Great car, brilliant for family, towing, transporting stuff (estate with back seats down)... Only real problem was synchromesh gearbox failure at approx 100,000 miles, known design fault on my 2003 model, so go for 2004. 3.5
Good car, but had problems with the CV boots. Good fuel economy and built like a tank! 3.5
German, reliable, great for longer distance driving.   3.5
Solid reliable car. Typically VW, it is a safe and comforting family car. Not a car you'd choose for its acceleration, it is fast and quiet; not a car you'd choose for its sex appeal, i is built for comfort; not a car you'd choose to impress people, it is nonetheless solid. 3.5
Great o fuel and reliable. 3.5
To many problems ! Immobiliser common fault dealer only fix was quoted 1300 !! Then they dropped it to 450 . Electronic hand brake common fault !! Part only 480+vat ...., !! Then they's still hex drive oil pump problems totalling the engine my advice keep away from the 140 Bhp  engined cars no matter whichodek they are in !!  3.5
Usual Passat problems. Turbo, injectors, ignition and lower fan 3.5
Good to drive, comfortable and roomy. Slightly boring interior, however, it is practical and the boot space is huge!  3.5
Trouble with ECPB cost over ?1000 recall for injectors. 3.5
Good car let down by reliability.Spare parts expensive. 3.5
Great car for long distance travel. Didn't want to sell but many faults occurred in its 5th year of ownership including the electronic parking brake which failed less than a month after a full health check ( motor casing cracked and had rusted inside that was several months old) and then noticed rust in 2 of the door seams which after waiting 20 weeks for Vw dealer to process the warranty claim and still would not call me back I threw the towel in and got shot if it. Main reason for selling it was poor service from the main agent. It only had 60k on it when I sold it.  3.5
I have had my VW passatt for 8 years its done ?150,000 miles and is brilliant.  I know someone who has got over 300,000 miles out of theirs.  It is efficient and such good value for money.  Mine is looking a bit tired now but VW engineering is definately something to be said for.   3.5
It was economical and reliable, but the seats were uncomfortable! Too hard. I may buy a volkswagen again but a smaller vehicle. 3.5
Mine is 14 years old and done 180,000 miles, the best Diesel engines you can get, powerful reliable, brilliant car! 3.5
Had this car 8 years and loved it, I have another Passatt now and with all the changes from the 2004 one i had I DO NOT yet love it, the handbook is horrendous 3.5
It was the nicest car I have owned 3.5
Very versatile Passat estate. It is a bit thirsty compared to modern cars, getting only 25-30mpg. No real problems over  the time I have owned it and just changed a thermostat. Good old reliable transport. 3.5
it is now probably 18 years old and has been the most reliable car we have ever owned apart from tyres and suspension nothing has ever gone wrong 3.5
Had to have a new engine after 70000 miles - probably an original manufacturing fault with piston valves but liability never accepted 3.5
It is a very reliable car, confortable 3.5
I can only comment on my W8 - awesome performance awful economy but I can live with it for the Q car performance 3.5
Great to drive once the front suspension arms were replaced, not fab on fuel unless on a run. Handles like a much smaller car. Watch for problems with the throttle body, they dont seem to run so well with after market replacements and genuine prices the car off teh road 3.5
I was disappointed with some of the materials and build, my mk4 golf gti with 150k on it still felt more solidly bolted together. I drive fairly smoothly while still 'making progress' but I was getting more mpg in 30/40 zones than a run at 70mph with or without cruise which I found strange (54/56 v 50 resp.). Wind noise at speed also not a good point, could do with more noise deadning materials also. Given the choice again I would probably look at Mercedes  or Audi instead. 3.3
Seat comfort let this car down, I was not able to find a seat position that suited me. I'm 6 feet and weigh 82 kilos. 3.3
Overall a good car but least reliable of all Passats owned over the past 20 years.  Issues the manifold oiling up, electronic handbrake and rear suspension spring snapping one morning.  3.3
Engine, gearbox and mechanics are all superb. Electronics are poorly integrated and sat nav too Germanic. Dont go for integrated sat nav buy a portable one. Once you add in gearbox service, air con servive as well as standard service costs are quite high.  3.3
Expensive service and repairs bills, these costs offset the fuel economy benefits. The car is roomy without the too big feel factor like you would get with a 4x4, seats easily 5 adults and drives well holding the road in all conditions. My estate has a rear floor tray and barrier cage so pets are most welcome. Driver and passenger protection comes in the form of 3 point fixing seat belts and air bags galore. This car will be costly when new but depreciates fast after 3 years old, so thats the time to buy if mileage is low and a service history tells the story. 3.3
Only had a bit of a problem with hand brake caliper , managed to pick up aftermarket upgraded design for ?112 ! Much better than ?400 from the stealers err I mean dealers  3.3
front seats are very firm especially the pad on the front edge of the seat . this puts pressure on your thigh and becomes uncomfortable after 1-2 hours. 3.3
Fantastic and versatile car one of the best I have owned right up till the gearbox went bang at 65 thousand miles, having had full VW service history and on a VW service contract with one year left to go! VW were not interested and wanted 5.5 thousand pounds to fix!! How can I recommend that to anyone? 3.3
Had a gearbox fail, and it cost ?4k to get it fixed - almost as much as the car was worth. Not very reliable. 3.3
fuel injectors replaced/common fault on 2006-2008 models. electronic brake replaced/common fault. catalytic converter/engine control problems. a combination of the above have spoiled an otherwise very good car. 3.3
Diesels are not reliable anymore...head gasket gone at 120000 miles,repairs cost heavy money and car was never good anymore plus other expensive parts were faulty,ex-injectors and clutch...far to expensive to repair!! 3.3
Needs a hand brake. EPB so much a problem.  3.3
Good points. Good fuel economy over 60 mpg on motorway heating system very good massive boot space comfortable interior. Bad points. Electronic hand brake(failed causing massive damage.) Hundreds of owners have had similar problems. A number of injuries caused. (always leave in gear on slopes) Manufacturers will not admit any liability. Rear brake discs stain or often corrode with low age or mileage.  3.3
Alll in all, very good, except the hand-break. I really like the old model, I do not like the push-button, also the rear window does not clear as well as my Golf, which has the rear wiper, I understand that it should be cleared by the airflow, which is fine when on the moterway at speed , but is very poor , first thing when reversing my Passat out of my house. So all good except , handbreak and rear window needs a wiper. Keep up the good work. rgds john 3.3
77000 miles a new turbo 84000 miles new time belt 89000 mies new electronic handbrake 98000 miles a new aircon system 3.3
Great economy but too many recall and complete failure of the electric power steering let it down (at 40,000 miles) 3.3
I was stranded 3 hrs from home on a 6 hr drive when the computer board of my electronic handbrake failed. The first of two times. No warning. Also big problems with the airbag on both driver and passenger sides.. Wiring came disconnected at least 6 times for no reason. Garages expect you to pay 200+ to repair this safety fault. Very bad design.  3.3
too many electronic problems 3.3
I have had quite a number of reairs to the Passat during my ownership .Mostly the kind of problem that a half-decent car  shouldn't have . Boot lid catch ?87         Power steering/ECU ?750    Brake Servo replaced?700     Various suspension faults      Other things Have now got rid,and gone back to Japenese cars. 3.3
If you do short journey this car is not for you. It gives lot of trouble ie carbon built deisel partical get clogs up Turbo unit needed replaced at 28000 mile 3.3
Lovely 3.3
Great price and very happy with the car 3.3
Have had this car for 10 years. Other than a few minor niggles at the beginning (boot closing mechanism, false illumination of oil pressure warning light) it has been very reliable. Original clutch and exhaust still going strong at 85k miles. 3.3
I drive a 2.0.  Smooth, quiet, comfortable. Solidly built car.  Reliability is good if looked after.  Economy is poor but it's an old school 2l.  As expected really. 3.3
A good workhorse 3.2
Clutch and steering column required replacement when it was only four years old.  Great to drive when it worked! 3.2
Generally very reliable, but biggest headache has been the electronic handbrake system, which is very expensive to repair....get rid of that and go back to a conventional system and you have a winner. 3.2
I was very disappointed with my Passat and thought it was underpowered and had very basic spec. 3.2
Worst car I have ever owned!!!!!! Too many electronic gizmos that have no real need. How hard is it to pull a brake lever up vs a push button. Always broke down about every two weeks. Very expensive to fix. If you buy one new, get rid of it before the warranty expires. Better yet don't buy one at all!! 3.2
Good car, certainly not exciting and mixed feelings about the after service 3.2
Lots of faults for this specific model & year. I would recommend passat but make sure u don't buy 2006 as u is a faulty one you will spend lots to replace the injectors  3.2
Good, solid reliable car for racking up the high motorway miles. Reasonably good fuel performance efficiency too. When something does go wrong though it can cost such as the rear electric breaking system or the main fuel pump. 3.2
DSG VERY GOOD TDI SE 2.0 2005 BEST CAR 3.2
Lots of electrical faults. Very dull to drive. Average build quality.  3.2
Reliable car 3.2
the new vw passat is ok but my old one was a load of rubbish 3.2
Car absolutely fine, just needed a new one. I serviced as appropriate and I personally new the original owner and can happy vouch that he looked after the car too. It did have some front work done when the previous owner drove slowly into a bollard and I had a slow rear shunt. Both were fixed by approved garages and neither of us experienced any negative issues afterwards. 3.2
I had the pevious Hi Line for eight years and loved it, but almost everything re the controls has been changed and in most cases not mfor the better. At 81 I find most things confusing and the huge length of the hand book is not very clear or helpful. I have only had it for 13 weeks so hopefullttty things will improve but consumption is disapointing so far 3.2
Build quality is great and very reliable 3.2
Seats could be more comfortable, Radio and speakers can be improved limited. Excellent engin, smooth on long trips, fuel efficient. Will buy the new model next itme round if the above is better. 3.2
The Fuel consumption ruins it , its unreal I thought I was looking at the speedometer but it was the fuel gauge literally 3 lamposts to the gallon .  3.2
big on petrol, but reliable comfortable. 3.2
Door locks washed out, very expensive to rectify. headlamps, more light from a glow worm in a jam jar. 3.2
Is a good car but not as I thought it will be I do like my car a lot but if I want to swap for another new passat I have to think about it and the cruise lever is to close to the indicator lever which sometime you mistake the lever and is very noise for passengers on the back seat  3
Not exactly an exciting drive..but good on motorway, mine has had a failed turbo and radio!! Reliability good though (apart from turbo episode!) 3
Best car I have owned. Will definately replace with another passat. Great value  3
The Car kept on breaking down through the 4 years I owned it, and the Main Dealers who supplied it were best part useless at sorting the fault just one Technician made the time to sort this out and that took 6 weeks with arguments from Volkswagen about the warranty fixing of the car, we then got ripped off by Volkswagen as they refused to honor the Service Contract on the Vehical which we had paid in full for! Good Car Rubbish Company 3
Most unreliable passat I've ever had. The common rail engine needs scrapping and a simpler system used.   3
Original fuel injectors had a design fault causing iotal failure. Replaced by VW at their cost, eventually. A number of Other minor problem, but more than I would expect.  3
Electronic handbrake was a complete nightmare - really expensive and slow (days) to fix.  In two years we had to have it fixed twice and the car had to be towed away; couldn't even drive it to the nearest garage. 3
Lot of trouble with engine. Loss of power with white smoke coming oout of exhaust 3
brought the car from new after 18 months needed new clutch only had 8.0000 on the clock cost ?1.0000 ignition lock broke a further ? 275 and the spare wheel space would fill with water from when I first brought car cut my loses and brought a new Ford KA excellent car 3
Two big jobs in last year and heavy on petrol.  3
Brilliant when it is working...but that is not often.  Spent as much time in the garage as on the road.  Automatic gearbox detracts from driver satisfaction. 3
failed second MOT and also had to have cambelt and water pump changed. cost me over ?1000  will never touch another one  car only 4 years old with average mileage 2.8
After years of being told how good VW's are I took the plunge. In truth, it's not that exceptional, it does what it says on the tin, however! The car at times does seem to have a mind of it's own, when you press the button to unlock the car it might, or might not work, or it will open the drivers door and no others with all the combinations that you can think of. The main grumble is with the Electronic Parking Brake: This is what it says, by pressing a button it engages or disengages the 'hand brake'. But sometimes it doesn't come on, sometimes it disengages when the car is parked, forcing you to leave it in gear, and sometimes it doesn't release. In my case it has released eventually, but it leads to a tense few minutes. If you ever need it to stop the car should the brakes fail, it could be interesting if it doesn't come on. VW are aware of the problem as are VOSA, Which, and BBC Watchdog. But VW are resisting a recall. I wouldn't buy another until the problem is resolved. 2.8
This was never an estate.  How would I deal with a company which cannot get the fundamentals right? I have now disposed ogf the car and bought another make. 2.8
Although the car was well presented and relitively new when I bought it turned out to be a most unrelyable vehicle made more frustrating by Nottinhamcar.com's uwillingness to effectively fix the fault under their warranty. The particulate filter in the exaust repeatedly ruduced to car to 30 MPH and resuilted in the care being detained in the garage for 3-4 day periods whislt the replacement of expensive parts was avioded. Additionally it was very expensive on tyres, although the performance was impressive when running well.   2.8
I no longer have a Passat and it was an ok car while I did own one. Nothing spectacular just a good solid reliable car. Fuel economy used to be good but been overtaken by many other cars /makes. I now own a Mercedes E220 Diesel which uses far less fuel than the Passat particularly on short runs. 2.8
Poor reliability 2.8
Bought brand new and every year required work done under warranty oil seals extra not what you expect from warranty.Ignition had to be replaced and cause of sale was electronic handbrake failing just out of warranty and VW wanting ?600 just to investigate fault as diagnostics did not give a fix.Very poor Quality control.Skoda and seat owned by Vw but their quality ans reliability is farsuperior.  2.8
A vehicle that I brought from VW dealer just 6 months old and the clutch went within the year.  VW and the dealer did not want to know.  The poorest service I have ever received.  Never, never again. 2.8
quite reliable although serviceing is  expensive but then again aren't all cars! Boring to drive but reliable and the diesel version is economic to drive  2.8
low mileage, tax efficient, economical and not too costly at servicing!  2.8
It's ok it's no bmw  2.8
Good car but this model was let down by underpowered 1.6FSi petrol engine.  Stick to diesel. 2.8
Nightmare car must have been a Friday afternoon build constant problems cost me over 3000 pound in repairs over 3 years.  2.7
\unreliable had to spend  a fortune on new throttle body and diesel filter which had clogged up.  handbrake a nuisance which does not always engage on pressing button. 2.7
The electronic handbrake system is not a good idea, mine has failed to work or needed replacing four times :( 2.7
Big roomy car.Reliablety not good quick and not too juicy.Back parcel shelf is not removable so limited access to boot.No rear wiper a bit of a pain in winter. 2.7
nightmare overall....2006 version  2.7
Wirst VW to date 2.7
As a petrol car it had poor performance, the diesel is the better performer, also the interior dash trim was of inferior quality. The newer car is several steps above this and would consider this car as a new purchase. 2.7
rear doors use to block it self, and its imposible to open. many garages tryied but no results.... 2.7
Will be glad to get rid of my passat. Worst car I have ever owned 2.5
These cars have DPF (diesel particulate filters) which clog up during town driving and are VERY expensive to replace. They need to be driven on the motorway at least once a week for a hour or so to keep the filters useable - nobody tells you this when you're buying the car so beware and do you research first ! 2.5
A good practical and reliable car but very boring! Well equipped, reasonable performance, but oh so noisy. At low speed just like a tractor, significantly quieter at speed but still not quiet. The DSG box and the 'compromise' handbrake with 'hold' function is truly a marriage made in hell, particularly when reversing uphill out of a parking space!  I kept it for just over five years but intermittent turbo problems provoked the sale - plus I needed a change! 2.5
I would never buy any Volkswagen again most unreliable car I have ever owned.  2.5
only problems, grate when new, after 60k miles just problems ... expensive problems 2.5
We have a 2007 passat 170hp. It's great when not broken down but unfortunately we have had many problems and it has cost us thousands of pounds in the 3 years we have had it. We also had a vw garage try to rip us off for diagnostics trying to charge ?180 for putting it on the computer checker and finding 3 faults and then charging ?60 a fault instead of a single charge. Saying that when we had a recall to change the valves we were refunded the ?1300 we had spent on the 2 valves that had failed previously so credit to vw for that. Draw your own conclusion.  2.5
I covered over 50,000 miles in just one year in this car. During this year I had to replace the cv joints, alternator, battery, front shock absorbers discs and pads all round. It was a pig to work on, for example to change the alternator the whole front of the car had to come off. 4  hours additional labour! To change the battery also required the removal of the windscreen wipers. Parts are expensive. Fuel consumption for a diesel was terrible, average 28 a best of 38. I'd never buy another one, do yourself a favour and buy a Volvo V70. 2.5
Dsg gearbox leaves alot to be desired, in some cases it is life threatening. Hight of ride is also a negative factor to drivability. Good space and usability  2.5
I used my car for pleasure and work. It was a real workhorse. I also needed a comfortable car for long journeys. It was all these 2.5
very reliable , very comfortable 2.3
If its not broke don't fix it. VW should have had this thought in mind when it decided to fit the electronic hand brake.At times it is quite good, almost like an auto gearbox on hills,but you never have any idea when the damn thing is going let go and release the brake when you start the car. I nearly always start the car with my foot on the brake, then press the hand brake button to ensure that the auto handbrake is engaged [or should it be re-engaged] this seems to work ok, but I always feel uneasy about its use. Have another Passat, no, not for me.  2.3
Pretty average car. Reliability not as great as we are led to believe. Checking oil level was a nightmare. Wasn't sorry to see it go. 2006 model. 2.3
My last car was a Golf GTTDI and it was the best car I've ever owned. I needed a larger estate so thought the Passat would be similar but bigger. It turned out to be terrible :- underpower for it's weight, unreliable, it has had a replacement engine, turbo,clutch, flywheel, suspension bushes  and new rear brake calipers(the electronic parking brake is atrocious) and at 6 years old is showing rust to the wheel arches and tailgate. 2.3
Good reliable car, only problem was the parking brake failed several times allowing the vehicle to roll off the drive. This was due to a micro switch failing, potentially quite dangerous. 2.3
Owned my 56 plate Passat diesel for 5 years. It was generally OK but there is a major problem with this car that VW won't own up to.  The oil pump disintegrates and is a ?1,000 + dealer replacement. if you don't get it seen to quickly, the turbo can go, thus drawing all the oil up through the engine. The turbo is another ?1,000 + dealer replacement.  Both items are prone to give way at about 110,000 miles or so, but by then you should have had the recall for the fuel injectors (mine gave out in the outside lane of the M1!!), which was nice.  Everyone you talk to about these cars at about this age has had the same proble. Come on VW get your customer service in order.  The problem is that the car is out of warranty at that time and away from the 3 year company car / PCP market by then and in the hands of the private motorist. This is a disparate market with no leverage against the manufacturer; thus the manufacturer doesn't care and won't admit to inherently poor components having been used.   These compenents changed between the Passat launched in 2007 and the shape referred to here - engines changed fomr 1.9 to 2 litres and with it went reliability and quality. Mine lasted c10 years and around 190,000 miles without batting an eyelid.      I tried contacting various motoring journalists / organisations about this but they showed no interest. I suggest you check out the various VW forums before considering one of these and then wondering whether the hassle and frusation will be worth it.  I was a very happy VW customer, but I won't have one now. Thanks VW.  2.3
One of the worst cars I ever had - leaked oil, expensive to maintain and way over rated - very fast though. Had it for a year then got rid of it 2.3
Used a lot of oil.electronic parking brake awful on manual version.difficult to park.v good fuel economy though,6 gears great.overall wouldn't have one again. 2.2
Was OK until the steering failed and I got taken to the cleaners by the local VW dealer.  2.2
Four years ago gears became very stiff,on investigation garage found there was water in the gearbox.The car has not been in a flood or driven through water apart from usual rainstorms.Several mechanics and other garages I have spoken with say they have never heard of water in a gearbox,in spite of this VW technical department were not interested simply saying that because of the age of the vehicle,in spite of its very low mileage,it would cost more to investigate than the car was worth.I would have thought they would have been interested to find out how water got in the gearbox. 2.2
better  than  most  cars  in that  range 2.2
Thinking of buying a passat? Don't bother.  2
equipment and trim level very basic. Nastiest leather seats I've ever seen!Poor load capacity compared to my previous CitroenC5. Would never buy another VW 2
Had issues with fuel injectors, all 4, each which cost in excess of ?500 to fix. Also persistent Particulate filter problem which was a complete pain. Otherwise ok. I was mad enough to by the new model of the same and it's a different car all together, 4+ hearts to all of the above. 2
The car I had was extremly unreliable and had a number of faults fron the begining of my ownership to when I part exchanged it.  Electrical faults were the main problem for instance when driving along the car would show a fault on the dash board say STOP DO NOT DRIVE - TAKE TO GARAGE and I would limp home in safe mode. The RAC would come out and interrogate the computer system and all would be ok for a little while, then the same fault would occur. Also, had to have new turbo, new fuel pump and one injection system. The boot lid would fly open in frosty conditions and then would not shut. Overall a nightmare 2
Big boot! But opening to access ghouls be better 2
Horrible handling in the wet with the engine weight been forward of the front wheels. 2
NOT RECOMMENDED very expensive service poor value for money. DEFINITELY NO FAMILY BUDGET CAR. IN my opinion this is a car for posh IDIOTS. NEVER EVER AGAIN VW, AUDI or SKODA THIS IS VERY VERY EXPENSIVE RUBBISH !!!!  1.8
Since owning this car I have had to change my driving technique. This is because I have no confidence in the Electronic Parking Brake. The brake has released by itself after parkng. This has happened 3 times, twice I was actually in the car, but the 3rd time I had left it in a car park and it rolled off and hit 2 others vehicles. Further it also doesnot release when required, causing further problems of which recently cost me over ?500 in a repair bill, but still nothappy with the EPB system! 1.8
the gearbox packed up at 30 thosand miles so not to happy   also lost its value very fast 1.8
Not a very exciting car the quality of the inside is very poor lots of rattles plus a bit boring. Not much power in the engine when you put your foot down I hate the electric push button parking brake it has failed a couple of time  where it has locked on and the car wont move good boot space and room in the back I wont be buying another one.    1.8
Ten years old, 68,000 miles, enjoy driving 1.8
Very comfortable, reliable and excellent for touring holidays towing the caravan 1.7
- Electronic handbrake useless - failed 4 times now and cost me over ?1000 - Paint work not good - chips easily  - Brakes average  +  Good space in boot area  1.7
Never again 1.7
The worst car I have ever owned.  It was so bad that I threatened the garage that sold it to me with Trading Standards.   1.7
Very unreliable car. Always break down and leaking oil engine 1.7
Never buy another vw 1.5
I have had nothing but problems with my Passat, EGR valve, Turbo, fuel pump and the car is less than 3 years old, never get a VW 1.3
Just sold my mine one would not recommend to any one 1.3
worst car ever  1.3
had nothing but trouble with head gasket problems it was low mileage it was the 130 bhp model been told less powerful are more reliable 1.3
rubbish very unreliable head gasket went after 1ook   1.3
very reliable 1.2
I have sold the S range but another VW passat because the previous was good to me. 1.2
This has to be the most expensive car to run that I have ever owned, between new turbo, and three replacement rear brake calipers ( all in the last 12 months) it has cost me a fortune and even with the new turbo you can't drive in town for more than a day without it sooting up and the warning lights start comming on. Unfortunately I can't afford to move it on as yet and after haveing spent so much money on it I need to get some use before looking for something else. As for driving appeal, there is nobe it has no character, I have no doubt that when it was new it was a great car, however it is unrelaible and parts are expensive. Not a car I would buy again. 1
I am on my 2nd VW estate. They are good solid workhorses, but the road niose in the cab at low speed or rough roads is not good. They are also very costly on tyres with the average of 15k to a set. Apart from that 130k on the clock in less than 4 years and no trouble. out
Hi,i had the car from new,and kept it for three years.It was an exellent car,and was fully serviced by vw. I beleive the mileage was around 80k when it was returned to the lease company two years ago. out
160,000 miles, replaced just one drive gaiter, 50 mpg, tons of room. Why change? out
It is probably the most versatile car I have ever owned from Morris Traveller to BMW 7 series! out
Superb !!! But expensive to run!! out
Very reliable Nothing too flashy so can park safely without risking it being stolen never broken down in 11 years of motoring. highly recommended difficult to know what car to buy next out
This is not my car.I sold the car a long time ago.Please do not send me any more informacjon. out
The best car I have ever owned.  It has done 254,000 miles and I have not even had a new exhaust. out
very reliable,economical out
none of your buissnes out
The car is a first in that it had no hand brake, I have no problem but the wife finds it difficult, my thought is its good but takes time to adjust.  The fuel economy is brilliant  out
Car still run perfect, interior nice and clean, body work have few scraches out
Vw is great and econ car drives perfect 100% out
GREAT CAR BUT PARTS ARE TOO EXPENSIVE AND  SOME PARTS JUST LAST A YEAR IF YOU ARE LUCKY  out
Huge boot, good mpg. The kids give it a good bashing and it comes back for more. Cracking family car. out
VERY GOOD CAR OVERALL, NEW ONES NOT THE SAME...  out
Worst car I have ever owned. I had a problem with noise coming from wheels. Major work done on the car with VW and Arnold Clark arguing about whether it came under the dealership or manufacturer warranty. They didn't manage to get to the root cause. Arnold Clark gave me the price I Paid against another vehicle. I have never been so glad to get out os a deal in my life. out
It Was a Good vehicle for its age out
Good solid reliable cars, I have auto insurance and have racked up 3 biils of ?1500 each to repair this but covered by insurance. Both fron electric window motors have failed and heating fan had to be repaired. Thirsty but safe out
The Passat was a great car as I needed the room tro transport my  late wife's walking aids wheelcharr etc. now on my own i didnot need a large car. out
it was nice car out
Best car I ever owned! 5
This is a great car and I'm really going to miss it when I sell it! 5
I just love my wee polo for zipping around, lovely to drive and reliable.  Very nippy, good size for easy parking.  It may be a small car but has a big heart. Would recommend a polo to everyone.   5
I love my vw polo, had to sell as needed a bigger car due to owning and fostering 5 dogs. I am now down to 1 dog and have bought another polo just love these cars.  5
The Polo is a  reliable work horse. You will never regret buying one!  5
Perfect 5
I can alomst unreservedly recommend this car that I have had from new (July 08) - since  I retired from full-time work after have a series of 4.5 and 6 cylinder Mercerdes I had as firms' cars over many years.The quality more than matches the Mercedes, it is very frugal on fuel (and very close to what the official figures claim) and delightful to drive with ample power from its three (yes, just three) cylinders on tap all the way up to a beyond the legal llimit. Driving position, seats, brakes, steering are the best I have ever encountered and the manual box (after I have had mainly automatics) is both slick, no problem and really involving. At low speed, I must admit, it is a bit clattery and the transmission jerks and snatches a bit but at normal cruising speeds it is as quiet and smooth as any car I have driven. 5
Given to my daughter because it is very realiable and economical 5
Amazing car  5
I will give it to my daughter when she will pass her driving test ;) 5
Wouldn't drive anything else  5
I have always bought VW polo's but have bought a Skoda Roomstar  And it's wicked  5
Great little car, has never let me down.  Only work needed is maintenance so definitely recommend 5
Amazing. Never gave me any hassle. Great driving wee car!!! 5
Best car I have ever bought just love everything about it. Thinking of changing it but it would need to be an other Volkswagen polo . 5
Best car ever 5
A great little car and very nippy great fuel economy a dream to drive   5
Brilliant car 5
Excellent car, the longest I have ever owned a car, I just wish they still made this model 5
It does what it says on the tin 5
It's my third Polo in a row and I'd happily have another one! 5
Very fast and with amazing fuel economy - all for low insurance and road tax! I've owned several Volkswagons and this is the best. A smart car that packs a punch in town or on the motorways. recommended. 5
GERMAN TECK 11 YEARS OLD 5
Well maintained, full service record, very comfortable extremely powerful, custom built in Germany, navy blue seats, sun roof and air conditioning, electric window to rear as well as at front, reg mark YAY10. Absolute minimum price ?5000. 5
This car is great, there arent that many out there so if they are for sale they are defintaely worth considering. They hold there value very well and being a VW the engine is very reliable. Would never go for any other car now. 5
Best vehicle iv had  5
I've owned my Polo for 10 years and can't bear to part with it! Great torque, stereo's fab-with 8 speakers, economic too. It's not very handsome at the front but I love his bum & I don't look at it while driving!!  5
I love my little car 5
i love my polo its cheap ,nippy  and reliable ,shame its green !! but i love it . 5
120000 miles at overall 13 miles/litre and a total overall cost of 27p per mile. Exchanged it far a new version (current larger model) which is dreadful in comparison.  I had a split high-pressure fule line, and if the old one had still been on the forecort would have asked for it back.  5
I've had this car from brand new and it's been great. Certainly had my monies worth and more from this little wonder. Will be a shame to see him go.  5
A robust & lively car which I love driving. Everything in the right place and an easy clutch. We have had the car for a long time and there is NOT a rattle anywhere. 5
I have owned a polo now for 13 years and would not drive anything else! 5
I love my VW Polo. No faults what so ever. 5
Had the Polo for 5 years and loved it only sold it as I had a knee replacement and find driving a little difficult 5
Brilliant car so enjoyable to drive 5
Superb drive and a great first car  5
Great car. 5
Amazing brilliant fuel economy and for a really good price. Solid build. Easy to drive  5
Best car we have ever had 5
I absolutely love this car. Looks and feels stylish, is economical on fuel and is so comfortable to drive and be a passenger in!  5
Great the drive, recommend  5
From delivery, to great  service and attention to detail,our Bushey VW dealership surpassed all our expectations. I would recommend to anyone a  VW Polo 1.4 for its realibility,fuel efficiency and space for even a big family.Once a family man, always a VW fan.  5
superb!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5
Love my polo. Great on petrol great to look at great comfort :-) 5
A brilliant elegant little car 5
The best VW I have owned.  I have had a polo and a golf before this has to be the best for fuel and for driving would recomend it any one.  Lots of my friends are always complenting me how nice my car looks :) 5
I just love my car.  Never gave me any trouble since 2010.  Love driving it.  It's my baby.   I recommend it to anyone.  Low tax n insurance too. What else you want.  Also it's a good looking car.  My black beauty.     5
Because I am 85 years old, my daughter insisted that I bought a car that would be strong and safe in the event of an accident, so I got  Volkswagen Polo.   Well, what else would I buy? 5
For once I have to agree that my daughter KNOWS BETTER THAN ME!  She chose it!! 5
Its just great - fourth polo I have owned 5
Brilliant little car - great value and very economical. Sad to see it go. 5
Because of personal reasons i sold my car back to VW. It was without a doubt the best car ive ever owned. It was comfortable and quiet to drive. It was also very spacious. I felt confident and proud to own my white 1.4 polo. I will definetly buy another when possible. 5
Very happy with my v w polo the most reliable car we have had  5
Great car 5
my husband who drives a sporty volvo prefers my car he loves driving it!! 5
i love my V.W.Polo it's great to drive, nippy and reliable. 5
this voltswagon is the first time I have had an automatic..and to be honest I love it ,, its no problem to drive, The car I have now is the Voltswagon polo HATCHBACK1.2.TSI SE  5 DOOR  1197CC/GREY/ AUTOMATIC/PETROL MILEAGE25/ FIRST REGISTERED  25/9/14./Warranty/FULL MANUFACTURER I must say before I go it is lovely to drive and it holds the road.   5
I love my car and the next one will definitely be a volkswagen! 5
Perfect town car nippy and quick safe reliable  5
A great car loved it !! 5
Great car 5
simply reliable 5
Very economical and comfortable.  Good sized family car. Good appearance.  Easy to drive. 5
I purchased my Polo in Cyprus where i was living at the time and decided to return back to the UK. Loaded the car to the roof and drove back here through 9 different Countries. It was a fantastic drive,   5
Great car to drive,very economical, will definitely recommend. 5
I have had my polo just coming up to a year and I Love it. Lt'Seyecatching bright red and can be identified easily in a packed car park. It's never let me down, totally reliable and I am goung to buy another new one in 2 years time. 5
Great car for everyone. 5
I really love my Polo & as it's bright red it's very easy to locate in car parks, etc. 5
Have had my Polo for 7 years and cannot fault it, love it!! 5
Great car. This is the second Polo that I have bought and used.  5
Great car would buy another. Five star car @ Five star price.  5
Love it - my favourite car  5
My car is wonderful. I bought the car when it was 6 months old from volkswagen's in ruislip and I still have it. It is so reliable and I love it. Xxxxxx 5
LOVE LOVE LOVE my car! Had it for 6 years and never had a problem with it ever 5
Great Car for the City or Country. Little car, low emissions but big brain!! 5
I love my VW Polo it's never let me down  5
Faultless car.  5
Love my POLO best car Ive ever owned 5
My VW was a great buy it is still very reliable and has now nearly 123000 miles on the clock ,still makes me smile would buy another volkswagen anyday.  5
It won't let you down  5
Fabulous car for a new driver. 5
Drives like a dream 5
If your interested I'm selling for ?5000 or near offer  5
Love my polo so much :) xx 5
I have had very little wrong with my car from new...just normal things ie brake pads, tyres plus service things ...LOVE IT  5
Fast car and very economical 5
Love my polo, nifty and never let's me down, easy to park and does miles and miles on a full tank of diesel.  Wouldn't be without it! 5
Can't wait to drive one..only problem being I don't have any money....hopefully Father Christmas might help out? 5
A great first car, never had any problems with it and it's easy to drive and handle. 5
Fantastic cars, highly recommended 5
Had my polo from new,  now 10 years old and still a great little motor for economy and  reliability.   The only criticism is that appears to attract all the wet onto the hatchback,  it appears that it creates a vacuum whilst on the move and as the air rushes in to replace that displaced,  it sucks all the filth off the road onto it.   Otherwise a no complaints whatsoever.     5
great car  5
Great car never let me down 5
It's one of the best cars and a great memory to remember. 5
I absolutely love my car I have owned it from new and have now had it for 11 years. Totally reliable with only a few niggles now because it is older. Fantastic engine, never any problems and still drives like a dream. Volkwagon struck gold when they designed this car I am only disappointed that the VW Polo's that come out now are too box like for me and none of their designs so far I have like so that is why I still drive my Polo today  because I love it's shape and design as well as its german reliability. I like a car more bullet shape than box like plus I like the head light shape rather than the newer ones. Altogether it is a great car and I think at time highly underrated. When it finally does give up on me I will miss it. Thanks.  5
I loved my vw polo, this car never let me down...cheap to run, repair and insure....i passed this on to my son to use...i still miss my vw polo 5
Love the vw polo, had it as my first car and am even getting another new one for my second 5
I loved my 51 plate polo.. Never had any trouble with it. Extremely nippy for a 1L 5
It's the best one 5
It's just a great little car  5
My Polo is 13 years old. I bought it in 2000, and it has just gone through 36,500 miles this week. Low mileage for its age, but its still as reliable as it ever has been. I live in Central London, and its only really had cosmetic attention - scratches and bumps from selfish road users. I've had it serviced at the same VW dealership throughout its life and it is still in great shape. Long may she last! 5
nice car 5
I loved my VW.......so wish I still had it ! 5
Great cars 5
Great small runner 5
MY CAR WAS GREAT SOMEBODY DECIDED TO WRIGHT IT OFF FOR ME. 5
The car was absolutely one of the best cars I have ever owned and would recommend any VW. 5
I have had my polo for 13 years and it has been a fantastic car. I have loved driving it. It has been a reliable car x x 5
My Polo is a bit onthe small side but I'm well in to my 6 foot's but if I move the seat I can get away with it, I had it for a year and I have no mind to get read of it as yet. 5
Love mine it may be old but starts every time only have ever replaced wipers and tyres :)  5
good vaule . 5
Amazing car..best ever for an all type car very recommend.great to drive..you feel safe..if treated right is like your best friend..abit old but still a great motor...VW all the way for me. 5
my polo is now getting on in years but it has been the best car I have ever had for reliability and great driving,it has been my little workhorse and never let me down 5
It is the best thing I have ever bought!  It's nearly 17 years old and still going strong!  They are so well built.  I will be definitely looking for another when the time comes! 5
I loved to drive this Polo but while I was forever questioned over the colour - I loved it!!  It was bright green.  5
I as a owner of a polo classic think polos are great cars .  5
I have had the car since 2001. I bought it with 34,000 on the clock, for ?5,000, and I was the second owner. Apart from general servicing and the odd small repair, I have never had to top up the oil, it was only changed at its annual services. It has now done over 150,000 miles, and is still going strong. I have now loaned it to my son while he is over here from Canada. He is quite impressed. 5
ive been contenplating on changing the car over the last two years or so, but i worry that i wont find a car as good as i have had?. 5
Fabulous and economical  5
Necer broke down once very reliable 5
Very reliable car 5
Fantastic car, a little bit different whislt keeping the foundation of VW - reliable, well built, quality 5
Polo bluemotion a fantastic car NO ROAD TAX..... 70 MPG.....GOES LIKE A ROCKET 1111111111111 5
Its perfect 5
very reliable and economical I would recommend the polo to anyone 5 stars CHEERS BRIAN JACKSON 5
Great and very reliable car..  Had almost no issues with it over the 10 years I've had it.  5
I bought the car from new and have been very pleased with the performance for the ten years I owned the car.  I only sold the car as I was given the opportunity to have a car which was in the family, bought from new and two years old.  If this opportunity had not arisen I would still be driving the VW Polo. 5
Great reliable little car. Fun to drive  5
i love my car but the insurance is so expensive as its an special edition =( and so i am looking for a new car 5
Love my Polo.It is my second one and I would go for another if Father Christmas were to pay me a visit!  Plenty of room for four and my golf clubs, what more can a girl want?! 5
She's an old girl now but she never lets us down!! 5
Great run around- cheap on fuel- easy drive- decent all rounder ride!  5
best car I've ever owned. amazing on fuel - 530 miles on 42 litres, incredible on motorways, easily as comfortable over long distances as a big car. free road tax. awesome little thing. 4.8
Loved the car when I had it  4.8
Great car..... comfortable, economical, reliable. Nicely finished interior, roomy for a small car, with plenty of boot space. 4.8
This is lighter han my old Golf. The engine size gives it special power when needed. Attractive very ergonometric. Not worth getting rid of it at the price. 4.8
We have had 3 V Polo's to date! Everyone shines! 4.8
Brilliant car! 4.8
Great cars 4.8
Great cars 4.8
I still own the car but will now give my daughter as it will meet her needs to afford it 4.8
It's greaaaaay 4.8
no car i know combines performance;fuel economy in a small package  that even my wife loves driving---plus reliability even after 90000 miles. ACCELERATION IS ELECTRIC FOR A SMALL CAR--A PLEASURE TO DRIVE 4.8
excellent all round car good fuel ecomemy 4.8
Lots of zip around town, 50mpg easy and lots of fun to drive. Only complaint would maybe be that it is too easy to light up the front wheels if you have too heavy a foot. Most enjoyable car I have ever owned 4.8
the volkswagen polo was a truly googd car,you cant beat german build quality 4.8
the best little car I ever had, not selling it. I will be passing it on to my nephews  4.8
This is the best little car I have owned ,  Amazingly reliable little workhorse  4.8
Fantastic! 4.8
A car to suit all! 4.8
Very good car, can't fault it in any way at all.  4.8
Great car used mostly by wife with kids reliable and safe  4.8
There's a reason why the VW Polp has been around for so long......superbly built cars for the price. Cannot recommend highly enough! 4.8
Great car, moves and handles well. Couldn't be happier. Feels safe well made. 4.8
The only drawback to this car now is having two children it's a bit small.   4.8
great car after owning for over a year, regularly returning 60+ mpg with the potential performance of a hot hatch!  Low tax at ?20 per 12mth. No faults what so ever and still very happy as our family car. 4.8
This car is worth a great deal more than we buy any car has offered . the car is fitted with a VW detachable tow bar costing ? 700-00 and fitted by VW, mud flaps all round , and parking sensors in immaculate condition owned by 1 careful lady driver.  4.8
Just completed journey of over 320 miles which cost ?28 in petrol (136.9p per litre).  Only criticism I have is of the DSG autobox which tries to pull away again as soon as you brake to a halt or, hesitates before pulling away after that event. 4.8
lacks performance previos car 65 psi much better. 60 psi should replaced to 65 psi at no extra cost .then i would certantly buy another polo also keep 70psi 4.8
Great little car, I would only change for 5 door now I have a child .but would buy another polo 100% 4.8
amazing  4.8
This is a delightful, easy and smooth drive.  Quick off the mark and quite economical. 4.8
A splendid all round car. Very economical to run.  4.8
Worth the purchase 4.8
Is best small car on road 4.8
All good ! 4.8
Fun to drive, very responsive, best car I've owned 4.8
Loved it 4.8
Nice car 4.8
Love these cars!  4.8
A really lively fast fun car. 4.8
Cracking car,  4.8
I  have had my polo 4 years now and its great!!!!!! when the time comes I would defo buy another!!!! 4.8
great family car, my next car will also be POLO. Maybe more choice in colour, I seem to have only grey and black to choose from, not keen on silver, in any car.. 4.8
I love my Polo Match because it is solid and feels very safe and secure.  I don't use special unleaded because it's economical on ordinary unleaded, despite the fact that it's an automatic.  I've actually had two people offering a good price for my car as they needed an automatic polo in good condition.  Unfortunately for them, I have no intention of selling my beloved Polo. 4.8
I love my car, she is a beauty and so nice to drive recommended!  4.8
still think car is ace 4.8
A very good small(ish) car, very reasonable fuel consumption, the boot is bigger than what one would think. The car feels very reliable. 4.8
A great wee car  4.8
Great car you can get  400 miles to a full rant easy 4.8
Ive had my polo for 4 years just love it.Ticks all the boxes.Will keep it as long as I can. 4.8
 This car has never let me down or needed repairs, what more could you ask for? 4.8
fantastic car, but as my kidds are much taller than me i need a more comfort car for leg space!!! 4.8
Typical VW. Solid, reliable & dependable. Not flashy, but then you don't buy a German car unless it's a Scirocco for it's looks. 4.8
A very trusty little warrior! 4.8
I had this car for over 3 years and I absolutely LOVED it! Unfortunately it was written off when another driver ran a red light and slammed into the side of it :(   It was such a reliable wee car, easy and smooth to drive, the fuel economy was excellent! Not once did it break down on me and if I could have found the same car within the price my insurance company gave me, I would have the same car. It's also a fast wee thing. The only thing I would say could make it better was if the interior was slightly nicer, but apart from that it is truly a brilliant car. 4.8
I was the owner of the car, it was purely down to economics why it was sold. That is I had a company car! Wish I had kept it. A beautiful drive indeed! 4.8
Can't fault my beautiful red polo, she's reliable, comfortable, diesel and runs for miles and miles on a full tank.  One of the best things is it's only ?30 a year to tax!! Many happy driving years ahead  4.8
Ten years and still going strong 4.8
Fantastic looking and very reliable! I would still buy a v/w polo or golf if i won the lottery jackpot  4.8
nearly 10 yrs old. automatic. relaxing drive, never let me down.well pleased 4.8
There so good I brought another one! 4.8
I've had my Polo 5 door hatchback since 2002 when I bought it new. It's the second Polo hatchback I've had and both have been ultra-reliable in terms of starting and keeping going. There's now a minor problem with the heating on my current Polo, which I see from the internet that other Polo owners have experienced - it behaves a bit erratically, but apart from that I'd recommend this car. Low insurance, lower tax, lower residents' parking charge in my area 4.8
Easy to drive 4.8
Loved this car, sad to see it go, good all round car just got old! 4.8
I love my volkswagen  polo hatchback only had it just over 1year but plan on keeping it for many years, deffenetly the best second hand car I have owened 4.8
So excellent my new car is a polo . Would not condider anything else x 4.8
Great little car 4.8
They are amazing cars i sold mine tp my sis and there is 200,000 (two hunderd thousand) on the clock and i swear to god its still ticking over like the day i got it  4.8
They are amazing cars i sold mine to my sis and there is 200,000 (two hunderd thousand) on the clock and i swear to god its still ticking over like the day i got it  4.8
The polo was my first car. I loved it and it was a joy to get it service and maintain when it needed it. As the only driver for over 15 years, I wanted to keep it longer. I should have got it part exchanged instead of giving it to webuyanycar, but I was told by the garage that it had no economic value and it wasn't worth repairing any more. Then after I gave it up, I found out that there are people that would buy my car just over 90,000 miles on the clock, 15 years, 1 careful driver, fully maintained and service every year, full history, manual and service book for ?400. I wish I took it back to VW dealer I brought it from brand new. Never mind you live and learn. Cheers  Yvette  4.8
One of the best cars I have driven, it is comfortable, nippy and reliable, never let me down 4.8
Perfect first car.  Great fuel economy and reliable.   Safe and comfortable 4.8
VWs really are fantastic cars.  They may be a little more expensive than others, but as the saying goes - "you get what you pay for"! 4.8
Over all good decent car and that i love the polo models intresting and sleek. Worth to buy with every penny. 4.8
the best small car I have ever owned 4.8
Great car very reliable never let's you down  4.8
Great run around, Good reliability considering the car is 17 years old, and only once has it broken down! Highly recommend for a first car! Can shift as well! 4.8
The only reason I didn't give five stars all round is that for a longer journey I find it not as comfortable as the larger vehicles on the road, but all round the Polo is hard to beat. Great engine, reliable, powerful and never let me down. Has over 100 thousand on the clock and still is solid. 4.8
Still going strong after 18 years and 150,000 miles. Now only does 30 to the gallon, but hey, it's an old car with an old engine. It must be wearing down a bit. Also, in all the years I've had it, since 2001, apart from annual oil changes, it has never ever needed an oil top-up. No, never. It has been all over the country, from Lands' End to Edinburgh and back. It doesn't owe me a penny. 4.8
I have been very impressed with my car. It is very economical is a wonderful drive. I intend to have another when it's time to change.  4.8
My old vw was so reliable and also economic! I now have 63 plate A3 and the fuel costs are about the same. I miss my old vw in many ways cos she felt like home! Spent so much time in her lol 4.8
Owned this car for 8/9 years. Very reliable and economical. Gave it to my son who loves it as much as I did. 4.8
Quality 4.8
This was my second car and I loved it very efficient, cheap on fuel and basically a great drive. For me from A to B and the kids loved it too.  4.8
I had a lot of problems with the gear box which required all bearings replaced at only 20,000 miles, then entire box replaced in 2010. Despite this my Polo has been the most reliable car I have ever owned. It has started first time every morning even through 2 particulary harsh winters and got me safely from home to work and back (22 miles each way)despite heavy snow fall and difficult roads. Apart from the gearbox I`ve had no significant problems and as I do a lot of the work myself have found the car easy to work on when necessary. The bodywork is fantastic, the paintwork and underseal are still good after 12 years. My polo has now done over 132,000 miles and shows no sign of engine problems. The cam followers are a wee bit rattly (but I`ve had cars where they were rattly after 60,000 miles)but that hasn`t had any significant impact on the performance, I`m still getting 52-56 miles to the gallon. As a nurse and an essential car user I`d recommed the Polo to anyone wanting a reliable, econonmical and comfortable small car. My wife also drives a 2000 Polo which has 170,000 miles on the clock (she`s a nurse too)and it shows no sign of giving up either. In my opinion it`s the best small car ever.  4.8
Brilliant car. Typical vw reliable and trustworthy 4.8
one of the best car in the market and very reliable. 4.8
I have had eight Polo's the last two I had for over 100,000 miles  4.8
My Car still has not done   much  milage    under 46 thousand   that is all ... good condition  no rust  and  a  great little  run around  ..A reliable make of Car   too  nothing beats them  . 4.7
If driven properly amazing economy. Brilliant city car but big enough to venture onto the motorway! 4.7
Another excellant VW. Just ordered a replacement!! 4.7
I love it so much, I have just ordered my third one :) 4.7
excellent size, comfort and performance for us 4.7
Had one since new still going strong, 13 years later !! Fantastic !!! 4.7
a pleasure to drive. economical, reliable and very smart to look at. 4.7
this car is small in size but acts like a big car for the size of engine it is very powerful I love this car the only down side is the light coloured seats and door trims which do get grubby, this car exempt from car Tax which is a bonus with really good MPG on diesel.  quite hard on susspension and low at the front which can cause problems with grinding on bumpy ground and kerbs etc but i really like this car  4.7
Fantastic car to drive, very cheap to run, if you have the ice sliver version then the interior matches the exterior. For the an eco engine it really does shift and it will do 80 on the motorway comfortably. Suspension has a very sporty feel so comfort is not this cars priorty however handling is. Its also a top spec car has everything you need.   4.7
For years driving a VWBluemotion 2 has been a joy, the engine sound is great, the performance excellent and the economy truly oustanding. It's resalevalue is also good and the outside and inside says a lot for the VW build quality too. 4.7
Best car I have had for all round use.. Not our only car but most used 4.7
Such a sturdy machine. Very nippy yet great on long journeys it's our second car but definitely most used. 4.7
I love driving the Polo, moreso than driving my Golf. I have marked reliability down due to battery going flat if car not used for 4 weeks. Had it checked by VW garage who could find nothing wrong, battery was good and discharge current within limits. Comfort isn't luxurious but good for a small hatchback. 4.7
Love my VW Polo as it is reliable, comfortable to drive, is nippy when you need it to be but also very economical with fuel. Nice and dinky so you can park it anywhere! 4.7
Great car to drive around town or motorways. Roadholding in ice and snow not very good - that's the only bad thing about this car. 4.7
as a mechanic have found    German cars  way above all others 4.7
no complaints whatever. 4.7
without doubt one of the most reliable economical cars i have ever owned 4.7
Don't worry about having only 3cylinders, you will never notice. 4.7
best vw ive owned and ive had a few starting from a 1968 beetle wish id kept that one 4.7
very good commuting car and reliable to.excellent fore novice driver, good on insurance. 4.7
This was a cracking little car I had it a few years and traded into barnetts vw dundee was sorry to see it go hope new owner has looked after it well. 4.7
So happy I bought this and not the Peugeot 307.  4.7
I think I had a Friday afternoon one but it didn't spoil the other features. 4.7
I would like to drive one with HIGH SEATS because I am small. It would help with my parking a lot.   Kind Regards   4.7
This was my first car and it's super reliable, never had any problems as a second owner. It's comfy and feels safe and steady on the roads. 4.7
This car has so far exceeded  all  my expectations particularly in terms of performance  and economy. No doubt about it, I would recommend this car. 4.7
Nice car all around  4.7
Love the car but I seem to spend a lot on petrol 4.7
I absolutely adore my Harry (my car) he's my first car and I don't think I could ever forget him, he's cheap to run on fuel and the insurance for my first year was low as he was on a recommendation list for first time car buyers. I don't know what I'd do with out him he's literally my key to freedom.  4.7
About the same size as a golf 15 years ago so all the car you really need 4.7
I love my car and wouldn't change it for anything except if I won the lottery I would buy a Mercedez SLK Convertible.  4.7
The 60hp polo is underpowered by still cruises at 70+ And gets just under 50mpg without any problem. Only problem is it doesn't have the power to over take in a short space when your doing 45mph but overtaking at 60 is fairly quick 4.7
It's a great little car - I'm on my 5th! changing every 3 years. 4.7
Great car 4.7
This is a great car have owned from new and will probably stick with the same brand if not the same model 4.7
I Love My Polo    4.7
 wish I never changed to a van Vw stands for class engineering and build quality  4.7
love it,love it, love it !!!!! 4.7
I've had my polo for 3 years and would have no hesitation in getting another one. I just love it. 4.7
good car bad resale after 3 years worth buying second hand would recommend. 4.7
This is our third Polo and we still love the model. 4.7
This is my first V.W. car, and definitely my next also 4.7
Fun good looking reliable little car 4.7
Awesome car  4.7
Its an all round sturdy little car ! The boot is spacious for a small car .The seats fold to make trips to the tip easy ! My three door, tinted rear windows extra lights looks cool. Get loads of comments from younger people on how much the y like the look. Its economical. A great all rounder. Comfortable ,reliable, A great choice with budget in m ind ! 4.7
Perfect little car! 4.7
Love it 4.7
If it was not the fact that I am past my sell by date and have difficulty getting in and out of the Polo (I now have a Nissan Note) I would not have got rid of it 4.7
4 for Comfort and Economy only because mine is a GTI and you have to drive it! 4.7
I am very happy with my car and I would only consider changing for a new polo model.I cannot see the point at present to change to another brand as Iam happy with the v.w brand. 4.7
Lovely car - smart for business and social purposes. Gets around without any problems, for the sensible driver not a speedy gonzales 4.7
Excellent small car very economy and a very safe car  4.7
I previously had Corsa cars,but after buying the Polo for the first time this will also be my next car. 4.7
superb car to drive, small but safe 4.7
I dont drive a lot now, but my polo is a good reliable little car one of the best car's you can buy 4.7
Great fuel economy on the daily commute & extremely reliable & safe! 4.7
We  liked it so much we sold our 2008 Audi A6 est and bought a new 2.0 tdi Golf est,fully loaded and had to wait 6 months for delivery,we still have the Polo!!! 4.7
Very good car to drive. Its economical and easy to drive. It's also easy to park 4.7
I really loved the car and the only reason I sold it was because my mother wanted to buy me a new one. 4.7
I love this car 4.7
The car is perfect for getting around London fuel economy is great all round good car 4.7
Great little car that looks good and is a fuel miser.  Smart little car for a young driver and good on the juice especially if you live in a rural area. 4.7
As you would expect from VW - 190,000 miles, still running almost as new. 4.7
I have the automatic and this is my favorite car I have had it 5 years I would say it's the most reliable best car I had yet had I would defiantly recommend this car to anyone  4.7
My car has been going for a few years. I used to regular do london to Manchester and have never had a problem with it. A tank of fuel last around 2 weeks.  4.7
Excellent car and after 3 years nothing wrong, so far. 4.7
Great little car this is our second Polo seems small on the outside but extremely spacious inside. Purrs along on motorways easy to park in tight car parks. Only downside would be slight lack of acceleration on pulling away but would still buy another one because of the great build quality. 4.7
As this car is my fifth Polo I am obviously very happy with the marque! I find the model very easy to drive with light controls and good all round reliability and moderate running costs. When the time comes I will certainly buy another one without hesitation. Volkswagen at its best! 4.7
A 4.7
Great little runaround, very economical. Would recommend to a friend.  4.7
Always liked the Polo, This is my third one. Very easy to drive 4.7
with less than forty thousand miles on the clock and in excellent  condition the car still runs like new 4.7
Brilliant first car, always enjoy driving it around. Fairly quick considering its only a 1.2. Absolutely love it 4.7
It's hard to find another car that compares on so many levels 4.7
Love my polo nice to drive, nippy and just a nice little car really! 4.7
cannot fault 4.7
Excellent car to hav. Strong, sturdy and reliable  4.7
Great car the only problem being the exhaust emission light is always on,which seems to be impossible to fix.I have owned the car for 3 years and in that time Western VW main dealer very expensive have had 3 goes at sorting this problem but never manage to get it sorted for more than a couple of weeks.So now I just ignore the warning light and car runs fine.    4.7
great all round family ,economical car ! 4.7
Love these cars so much Ive actualy owned two. The make brilliant first cars, light clutch, good handling and most of all extremly safe! Never let me down and would own another in a heart beat.  4.7
My little polo is 11years old...and still going strong!.  It has a service every year and I have had  no problems with it.  If I had the money it would be another polo that i would get.  I think that is a pretty good recommendation. Unfortunately I shall not be in a position to exchange it for a new one as I am now retired and struggling financially. 4.7
was graet reliable and never let me down 4.7
Looks good, feels good as a driver and passenger,economic on fuel, all backed up by Volkwagen's famous reliability. What's not to like? 4.7
Do not mention boring/not boring! Not anything to do with whether a car is any good or not. I have had mine since new in 2001 and apart from a new gearbox (agh!) it has been pretty reliable.  Although getting one or two little scratches here and there it is still running well and I dread having to replace it.  Another Polo I think but can i afford it?! 4.7
Best car I've ever had in 50 years of driving. 4.7
Fantastic first car hasn't let me down in 2 years of ownership 4.7
Very easy to drive (automatic) and plenty of oommph when required.   4.7
This 1998 VW polo reminds me of why people buy VW's. Fun to drive, utterly reliable, reasonably cheap to run, keeps up on motorways, can hear the radio even at german autobahn speeds, easy to park and so so solid. I just rated 4 hearts for economy because it is not as economical as more modern cars, and comfort: well, it is a four seater but you would not think you had been chauffeured in a Rolls Royce at the end of your journey. For its size it is very comfortable.  4.7
Gearbox was unreliable on 2000 model replaced twice in 10yrs 4.7
very reilable car, easy to dirve and comfortabale  4.7
Great car, had it from new ,needed cash, had to sell . 4.7
Had a 1996 model. already had 120k on the clock, was a faithful companion for a good 30000 miles before it became unreasonable to repair. now have a 1999 and it is still a fantastic car.  4.7
Brilliant little car with good road holding and attractive looks.Have this car for 10 years and still going. 4.7
I bought it 5 years old,and used it for 12 years.needed virtually no repairs. 4.7
I had a VW Polo F Reg.Unfortunately I had to sell it a couple of months ago. I loved my car and was very sorry when it had to go. I never had any trouble with it and on several occasions in the past I had people wanting to buy it.   4.7
Did 196,000 miles in it. 4.7
Solid as a rock, better than newer models.  Cheap in running incl all service and parts.  Can't go wrong with these, prefect for kids first cars too as when they hit something - and they will - the car build quality will most likely prove their saviour. 4.7
Very nippy comfortable to drive.  Very economical.  4.7
i love my polo just wish it was a golf!! :) 4.7
An excellent drive on motorways,  cities and rural countryside lanes Feels like a good quality car and is very reliable.  4.7
My second polo, love this special edition, would buy another! 4.7
I only gave up my car because of general costs( fuel, tax insurance etc) which made it uneconomic for the low mileage I did. I am at an age when long journeys, even in the car I just loved to drive, are less tolerable that in past years. If I were to have a sudden improvement in funds, however, I would certainly want to purchase a new Polo. 4.7
I loved it. It was a great little car. I needed a larger car 2 years ago & sold it privately. 4.7
great small car   but holds a good boot full    4.7
Just a great car to drive 4.7
I've lowered and stiffened the suspension and am running 14 inch wheels which makes it even more fun to drive. 4.7
A wonderful carry all, cheap and easy for DIY repairs and servicing, more comfortable than its size would suggest.  4.7
Graet car many miles to the litre  4.5
Super looking car, looks sporty due to the Bluemotion styling but very economical to run! Large enough to fit 5 in when needed. Very good all round car. 4.5
Great drive, feels quality, love it 4.5
I love my Polo it is the best small car driving experience. Smart comfortable quiet running and nippy. What more can you ask for 4.5
Its a good solid car, tremendous acceleration even in 5th gear.  4.5
Good reliable car! Vw can be expensive but also good quality cars! You get what you pay for 4.5
I have now given the car to my daughter as it is very reliable and cost effective 4.5
Great little car 4.5
Don't have a bad word to say about my VW Polo 1.2TDI. A wolf in sheeps clothing 4.5
Love this car hasn't let me down once. Never had to spend any money on repairs in the 107,000 miles I have done since new.  4.5
I don`t have this car any longer,but it was VERY economical on fuel. 4.5
Brilliant little car, amazing on fuel and cheap road tax and insurance 4.5
Good value for money both as to holding its value and running costs. You can't go wrong! 4.5
Has been a very reliable, comfortable, and economical car.  Would buy a Polo again. 4.5
The car has been very good and reliable Only routine servicing needed 4.5
great  car great   mpg 4.5
I love this car and would recommend it to any one  4.5
alround great car 4.5
Love my polo, reliable, safe and very comfortable to drive, what more could you want 4.5
brilliant little car 4.5
GREAT CAR  NO PROBLEM WHAT SO EVER 100% 4.5
great car for me, enjoying it  4.5
The polo is the best small car you can get. Drives well. Never lets you down and holds it's value. No other small car compares.    4.5
The polo blue gt is a great little car which gives you power with economy, but because it's a sporty little number the suspension is a little on the hard side , ok on motorways but you feel the bumps around town, but don't let that put you off. 4.5
Very good car ,that I've had from new . Now 3 years old ..Very reliable and  .had another Polo before this one .   Only low mileage , total of 7000 miles in 3 years .Never let me down ,either this one or the previous one.  Am thinking of updating it for a new one again .   Had a Golf ,about 8 years ago , and have nothing but praise for V.W,s.   4.5
Only thing I don't like about mine is the 3 doors as I have a small child and also it doesbt have central locking but apart from that great wee car 4.5
reliable and comfortable 4.5
I got what I paid for, great value for a reliable car, would recommend to anybody. 4.5
An excellent all round car for every day use. Very presentable and good quailty feel. Will buy again.  4.5
comfortable solid car 4.5
Love my Polo, very reliable car. 4.5
This is the best 1.4 polo I have owned,I do suffer from back pain and on a drive over 3 hours no pain has ever been felt.Although having the low profile tyres does make the ride rather hard. 4.5
Volkswagen is one of the most reliable car brands, it's very easy to drive and quite comfortable for a small car too. Great wee city car. 4.5
I  felt safe driving my Polo good strong car, and it keeps its value when trading it in, only thing is my Lab dog felt the back seat was not roomy enough for him lol 4.5
Had my car 5 years cant see me parting with it anytime soon.  4.5
He (it is a "he") warned me there was a problem. It could have been tricky but the garage sorted everything out very quickly and we weren't endangered. There was also a time when I couldn't drive him for 3 months as I broke my ankle but he started first time!  4.5
I have now had the car for almost seven and a half years and apart from one small problem with a single fuel injector which was sorted straight away by the garage I have not had any other problems. Most of my milage is around town and being an automatic fuel economy is not fantastic but, it is all worth it just for the comfort and reliability. I have now driven Polos for nearly 40 years having bought one of the first right hand drive models to come of the production line in 1975 when I was stationed in Germany and they have never let me down. Could not recmmend highly enough. 4.5
Had my Polo 6 years and it is the best car ever, getting tired now and could do with an upgrade but I would get another without question, a good all round solid reliable car, can't fault it :-) 4.5
Great cars got the 1.2e good economy, comfy and stylish car. 4.5
i am in the process of buying my third new vw polo made  a mistake  once buying another  make   of small car ouch!  fingers are still burning. 4.5
Deserves more for reliability and economy! 4.5
It is a great car. Mine takes petrol so it is not very economical. But with diesel, I wouldn't swap it for any other car. I  have had it for 4 years, it hasn't let me down not even once .  4.5
Wouldn't go past a VW - now have a new one and my daughters share this one! Hope to try the UP next year! 4.5
Had my Polo ( 3 cylinder ) for 6 yrs now - very pleased with it. I do a fair bit of mileage into Manchester and have no problems with it apart from the (plugs or cylinders? all three of them any rate) have, at various times, needed changing. Car just stopped but my RAC breakdown quickly dealt with it (nominal charge). I would definitely buy another Polo.   4.5
My 06 model is sleeker in design than the current model.  Has never let me down and has been as cheap as chips to run.  There is a very good reason you see lots of older VWs on the road - German engineering made to last. 4.5
Fab Fab Fab!!!! 4.5
I've had this car from new, 9 years and I love it. Especially as it has heated leather seats! Hoping it will last another 9 years!  4.5
What a great car 4.5
Excellent car in every way, also holds resale values 4.5
Economical in terms of maintenance 4.5
The only parts that periodically failed were the plugs, one at a time. Otherwise the car was a pleasure to drive and was quite nippy. We had ours for 12 years from new and it was still very good. 4.5
Love my polo. Reliable everyday 4.5
Fantastic first car!  4.5
I have had two one after another. Very good cars. Strong, safe and reliable. Makes a brilliant first car! would buy another in an instant. 4.5
it's very good keep this vw polo, good econamic for the fuel &  in future i have a plan to take a business so may i change bigger than polo  4.5
Polo gti, great handling and light weight super fast 4.5
Really good reliable runner 4.5
excellent car, no problems,  4.5
Fun, easy drive. Plenty of oomph when you need it.  4.5
I have had this car for 10 years now and only minor faults have occurred - no engine problems whatsoever (touch wood). Still hope to have it for another couple of years yet.  4.5
Fantastic reliable car, only issue was with the central locking motor, which would have been expensive to replace, ended up manually locking instead.  4.5
Great little cars  4.5
One of the best cars I've owned and I've had a few  4.5
i love this car had two vw and body work let me down but great to own 4.5
great little car very cheap to run and insure so much so when l needed to change a friend snapped it up.  4.5
The worlds best car   4.5
Will never buy any other car but a Volkswagen. Had the lovely little Polo for 6 years now, have the oil and filters changed every year and it's never let me down. Not once. Starts every single time. One of the brake lights needed replacing last year though. 4.5
In 20 and have had 2 cars now... yhey were both a vw polo first was 1997 and this one is 2003 tdi and it runs like new!  4.5
I did over 90,000 miles in mine and I loved it. Best car ever. 4.5
Great little car 4.5
Absouloutly brilliant cars glad I have gone back to one  4.5
i have had the car now for 27 years and it is as good as new now things go wrong with all cars so you have to look after them and keep them up to scrach and keep them in a garage if you can 4.5
Very reliable car and good to drive 4.5
lovely lovely lovely 4.5
Very suitable for the country roads we have here in Cornwall.  May be not quite enough power.  Bodywork very strong and would recommend a polo to anyone.   4.5
best buy 4.5
I have been entirely happy with this car and although I no longer drive long distances I never feel that it will let me down.  I have been tempted to trade it in for the 'Up" which impressed me a great deal but I did not like the semi-automatic gear-box.  If VW were to go back to the same automatic as my Polo I would buy one.  I have considered the latest Polo and although that too is very impressive I find it rather expensive for my purposes. 4.5
Good quality car  4.5
This is my third Polo - I am a committed fan 4.5
fantastic reliable small family car 4.5
Great little car to drive in tight spaces 4.5
my vw never let me down and always got me where i want to get to and good on fuel 4.3
It has been a great little runaround for me and the dog which is all is was meant to be - I've been delighted with it. 4.3
Reliable easy to drive with an excellent fuel economy,lacks a little extravagance in terms of motoring extras as standard. 4.3
We have 6 VWs in family- 5 of them are Polo diesels so that says it all! 4.3
I bought this car principally for the fuel economy which although not what VW said it would be is still pretty good. Even with the tiny engine and superb fuel economy it  will still pull away impressively in low gears. It did have a fault with its DPF but after that was fixed it has had very few issues. It feels like a much bigger more substantial car I'd ever expected. 4.3
Ideal first car or for those who want a small economical car. Would highly recommend this car as with any VW and when you pay no tax and can get 700 miles to a tank it's well worth it!! 4.3
Happy with my VW Polo Blue Motion 2.Have had it for four years and it is a very reliable, solid car. 4.3
Not the most exciting drive but if you've bought this car you've not bought it for the speed. I regularly get 70-80mpg with not much effort.  The reliability is really good.  I love this car!  4.3
Although there is a slightly higher than normal engine sound due to it being a 3 cylinder, this car ticks all the boxes and more. 4.3
I loved my polo to bits and it was SO economical, giving me between 70-80 mpg My daughter also fell in love with it when she was practising for her driving test. When she turned 21 I made a huge sacrifice - and gave her my Polo as a special birthday present. Now she is very very happy and I miss my Polo......... 4.3
Seats are firm when you first buy this car but they do soften over time. I had this car for five years and had no problems with it apart from the general wear and tear of brakes and tyres. The interior had a lot of standard features for the cost and so you do get a lot more car for your money than you do with other vehicles of a similar size. I particularly like the under seat drawers. Ideal for holding cds, sat nav.  It is very economical to drive. A full tank cost around ?55 and I got around 640 miles out of that. It is quite nippy and is fast off the mark. Cruises nicely at 70 mph. I liked it so much, I have just ordered a newer model.  4.3
Reliable and economical 4.3
Love it!! 4.3
Good Car 4.3
I do love it. 60 mpg at 60mph, 45 mpg around town, just over 110mph top speed stiffen suspension, it's great for blasting but good for work in the week. Keep saying I'll buy another car, but can't find anything wrong with this one to let it go! 4.3
Great little car great little engine fun to drive and really economical. 4.3
The Polo really is a down sized Golf, the 1.4TDI is very economical with great performance, the ride is average but no small car is great in that respect.  The interior is comfortable and well put together, 4 adults fit in easily, the boot isn't huge but it's enough for myself.  Overall the whole car is solid, I would happily have another if I had to, but my next car will be a bit bigger, good car! 4.3
Good solid small car 4.3
I have owned car for more than 10 years & other than servicing & replacement tyres has cost me nothing in repairs. Totally reliable with a great little engine that has loads of torque. Fuel economy ranges from 55MPG to close to 70 MPG depending on the type of journey. 4.3
A love my wee polo it still runs like NEW 4.3
100% reliability 4.3
It is 14 years old and done a lot of miles but still goes  i love my 1.4tdi  4.3
A joy to drive, very quick, fun good looking car. Compact and nippy without feeling like a tin can Hold their value well and good on insurance 4.3
Solid dependable car which has been no trouble over the years 4.3
I love my car great first time driver and reliable and cheap to run  4.3
Brilliant car. 60mpg and a smooth drive.  4.3
Great small car, looks stylish and it is practical. 4.3
Nice classy car. 1.2 engine a bit too sluggish at times though 4.3
Reliable, solid feel, safe. It could be more economical in petrol however. 4.3
A bit underpowered and steering too light at times but otherwise a great little car 4.3
Premium-feeling, stylish and powerful. Only real drawback is the fuel economy isn't very good and warning lights show up occasionally on the dash board. Very sexy car, drives extremely well. 4.3
I have enjoyed the Polo very much. I got the electric sunroof which was well worth the extra. It is a very nice car to drive with nicely weighted steering, a light clutch and a nice feel to the gearchange mechamism. Audio systems is excellent and easy to use, I got the iPod connecting cable and found teh system to work fairly well with the ipod except that having a large amount of data the navigation in the menu was a bit tedious to use.  Economy and performance were excellent with 40mpg attainable in town and 50MPG on a motorway at 70mph. The Polo is very relaxing to drive at mortorway speeds with the engine revving at about 2000rpm. The engine charateristics are very good with a good spread of torque throughout the rev range, it sounds a bit thrashy at high revs and seems to be happies kept under 4000rpm. Altogether an excellent car.    4.3
I love this car I've had for 3 years now and I have done every sort of journey in it and it is a great all round car. It's fast, exciting, nimble, fear to look at and be in, reliable and cheap to run car. It is small to look at but it's not inside and it has a decide boot and if you fold the seats down you get a lot of space for transporting stuff. Everything feels soild and well build when driving it and same goes for the interior. I would highly recommend this to anyone.   4.3
My car has been faultless. Amazingly smooth clutch and gearbox, get around 45-50mpg on my daily commute and it's nippy too for a 1.4. I wouldn't change him however I'm aware that the part-ex value will soon make it un-economical to keep him unless it is for many more years. 4.3
Don't like DSG. It has a mind of its own e.g it moves as soon as you release the brake and if you are on an incline, it goes the opposite, often dangerous, way first. Also, on descending hills, of which there are many where I live, it changes down from D7 to D3 with an horrendous whine and revs go up to 3-4000. Had it all checked out and no faults found. Shame on VW for this design fault and lack of admission it exists. Check the literal World Wide Web to see hundreds of other comments. 4.3
perfect. 4.3
Excellent little car to drive around 4.3
Great car: reliable, relatively cheap to run, can't fault it for a new driver. As its a 1.2, it's doesn't have the acceleration you eventually want. 4.3
Great car feels good to drive 4.3
My polo is the best one that I have had to date , and I have had them since  87 . If only they could do something with fuel consumption and road tax . I am now looking at the Ford Fiesta ecoboost  no tax and great fuel consumption  4.3
I have  had polos since 1987  and  they get better all  the time class motor would recommend to anyone    4.3
Great value car, all the safety and economy in a reliable reasonable looking car, that is practicable with the easy fold seats so my golf clubs and other items are easy to carry. 4.3
Very comfortable over distance - fuel economy could be better. 4.3
Wonderful small car. Easy to park and perfect in town. Good on longer journeys too. 4.3
Super town car - easy in every way but still feels substantial And safe.  4.3
I loved my polo I love volkswagen x 4.3
The onlr problem is the weight of the doors 4.3
I've had two VW Polo's and have always found them to be very reliable, I've not broken down once in eighteen years. I'm about to take possession of my third VW Polo but a BlueGT version this time, I have every confidence in these cars and the build quality. 4.3
Great fun car, practical, economical to run with low insurance premiums. 4.3
Great fun to drive but comfort goes down once you lower the car but makes up for it in the increase in cornering stability  4.3
I'm on my second Polo now I love them so much 4.3
LOVELY CAR BUT SEATS HARD AND UNCOMFORTABLE ON A LONG JOURNEY. MASSIVE BLIND SPOT WHEN DRIVING. 4.3
I love my car, it's never let me down. I'd rather be homeless than car less. It looks great , It feels great, and it's performance is great. 4.3
I bought my first ever polo 6 years ago from new and would not hesitate to buy another when I come to change it. 4.3
Very reliable aswell as good build quality. 4.3
Good reliable car 4.3
Economical on fuel Easy to park  Nippy 4.3
Good all round car,cheap to run. 4.3
Great first car! 4.3
No problems after driving a larger Volkswagen. All VW I have owned have good good cars.  4.3
A great little runner, very quiet smooth running vehicle. Recently fitted cam belt and water pump New MOT 4.3
My aim was to buy a reliable car and I did it. I haven't had any trouble with the car. 4.3
A great small car and this is my 5th one  4.3
Great first car for a new driver and also a brilliant and economical run around 4.3
Yes I loved my V/W sold it in October 2010 and wished I had bought another however Fiestas were getting a good review at the time and I allowed myself to be talked into it, big mistake, certainly a V/W for me next time, the Fiesta does not compare. 4.3
Great ,comfy vsr to drove,economically gteat to run and relly holds baue,lovely 4.3
great car 4.3
Love polos 4.3
Nice car to own  4.3
Great car subsequently replaced with a new model Polo which is even better 4.3
the polo is the best car for reliability. My polo has only broken down once after 8 years. Although small in space especially if you have a pushchair. Otherwise its the best. 4.3
Four words to describe the car; "It drives like new." 4.3
I have had Polo's for over 20 years and always drive a Volkswagen. 4.3
i wouldnt consider any other car 4.3
Great car, reliable and cheap to run! 4.3
Built to last! 4.3
VW What can I say you pay for what you get, even a good second hand VW are great. My Polo S/H one owner gave me a very good 8 yrs service of reliability sold my polo privatetly due to requiring a bigger car went for a S/H Golf no problems very good price for the milage but with the slight high milage a very good buy. with VW you get reliability if the car has been looked after. only had my Golf for a year no probs.  4.3
Reliable, sturdy, lasts for years. Still going strong despite going round the clock one and a half times. Served me well with little maintenance for 10 years. Cant praise highly enough. Only problems regularly had, was with the electrics. Practically from new. But every other aspect of the car was good.  4.3
VW are a good all round car to drive. 4.3
Great car  4.3
I've had a VW Golf and three Polo's and the reliability between them has been outstanding. German cars all day long for me and I recommend to anyone wanting a cheap option to a high performance car VW...go for it!!! 4.3
Although it is an economy class car,  good make and sometimes exceeds expectations. Sturdy, reliable and good drive, easy to handle. Fuel economy is not the best... 4.3
Most reliable car I've ever had 4.3
Has been a great runner very reliable and still going strong making me reluctant to change it even though the family laugh at it.  The Grand children think its great because they have to do everything manually eg wind down the windows, lock the doors.  This is my third Polo and I've enjoyed them all 4.3
Very nice car love it  4.3
Very reliable, economical, comfortable and a nice looking car. 4.3
It does what it says on the tin i.e.   gets me from A to B in a nippy and safe way. 4.3
Great car, starter motor failed after a year. A very unusual problem. Since then only normal services and a battery after 12 years. Most reliable and cost effective car we have ever owned. 4.3
Very good car. Wish I still had mine 4.3
This is the best car for fuel economy I have ever had, it sits nicely on the motorway at 80 mph and I can get on average on 380 miles on one tank.  Its great for driving in town or on longer hauls. All in all its a great little car and very cheap for repairs, replacements etc.  4.3
You are right. I have myself POLO 1.4cc engine with low mileage of 70K,5doors Hatchback. The engine is superb. I have been changing a few parts  which you have to spend for good service. I changed  New plugs; New Firing Leads & Oil Pressure Swich this year bu rear shockers need changing & the car will be marvellous It never failed .I have been not driving more than 4-5 times in a year as I used a Freedom Pass & that is why mileage is very Low. 4.3
Great to drive when lowered.  Only issue's are window motors struggling to go up, gearboxes are as good as chocolate teapots and Central Locking pumps. But overall a good car that's fun to drive in the 16V variant.  4.3
Fantastic solid car that is top quality.Cheap to run and very reliable. Pretty nippy as well! 4.3
Car was very nippy, easy to park in small spaces, get through small gaps; hatchback held loads, including bikes; a perfect city car, yet also good for long trips, and for sleeping in! Miss it! 4.3
Great car and very economical on fuel.  Its a sturdy build and everything works.  Feels very safe to drive and it is adaptable. 4.3
Very good car  4.3
good all round car 4.3
Cool little car 4.3
Because of sugery my wife was unable to drive a car with a manual gearbox. After viewing several different vehicles she decided that the Polo would meet her needs for comfort and reliability. We had very good service from the VW Polo and it proved to be very reliable right up until the 1st October 2010  when we used it as a part exchange for another vehicle.   4.3
The only car I have ever owned that I actually enjoy driving. Great little car. Have become very attached to it. The only downside is that It gobbles up petrol for fun, don't know where it goes. 4.3
I have now sold my 1997 automatic Polo car privately and felt very sad to part with it! 4.3
it is  4.3
reliable,economical car. 4.3
Comfort not goid wuth standard seats upgraded to mk3 golf gti seats 4.3
my only negative is the layout of dials as not easy to read unless lights are on. 4.3
Had the car for 5 years - no problems at all! Only costs, petrol, oils & services - great! 4.3
lovely car.  now have another new polo!! 4.3
Reliable but kinda beige/magnolia  4.3
I currently own a polo twist 1.4 tdi 75bhp, owned since it was 6months old on a 53 plate. This car has NEVER let me down & is still on the original battery & exhaust at over 10years old! Highly recommended car, VW's are a little more expensive but built to last. 4.3
Very reliable car. Would definitely recommend polls anyway  4.3
Very good little car 4.3
Great first car  4.3
brilliant 4.3
Great small car, owned it for seven years and only sold it because I needed a bigger car. Very reliable , fuel economy fantastic.  4.3
All the above, however not that exiting. But then I am not looking for exiting. 4.3
Cracking little motor so far, does not feel like a small car normally does.  4.3
Great car runs so smooth in a way ime sorry ime selling it  4.3
This car has had two owners (daughter and myself) and she is still going strong... 4.3
Is has been excellent. Traded in for new Polo.  4.2
what more could  you want from a hatchback? great mileage, good build quality, mechanically sound (only expected maintenance up to 91000 miles).  4.2
My vw polo was very economical. I was averaging 63 mpg. It was reliable and comfortable. I exchanged it for a newer polo which is a petrol model and not diesel. The new polo drinks fuel (43mpg on average). I was sold the model by a dealership who said the new polo is economical but it costs me ?65 more a month than my previous diesel model. The whole eco thing seems to be a con. The seats are not as comfortable but the boot space is much better. I would have another diesel polo but not another petrol one but I'll have to stick with the petrol for now.  4.2
My polo is a great little car! Lots of torque in that critical diesel rev range. so lots of fun!!! Reliable as its a VW and looks great to with its sporty Alloys and Interior 4.2
Good fuel economy,never had a reliability problem in over 3 years. Comfort good for a basic model. Would recommend for general every day use . 4.2
Excellent mpg A great vehicle for everyday use  Reliability.  Never has let me down   Cheap road tax  Pleasure to drive  Would recommend to anyone.  4.2
Great full economy, very reliable engine, good young family or first time drivers car.  4.2
A safe second-hand car. Cheap to maintain and run. Very well built. Low horsepower model with single camshaft has bulletproof chain that doesn't give any problems. 4.2
Had my vw Polo for 10 years until some fresh faced youth decided to pull out infront of me on a dual carriageway and wrote it off. Never gave me any problems, even passed it's last mot. Great reliable little car. I shall be sticking with VW for life! 4.2
Very good drive and good fuel usuage 4.2
Never let us down or the previous one 4.2
A car I can rely on is paramount, my Polo fits the bill. 4.2
Good first car 4.2
Great car, can't ever go wrong with one of them. 4.2
Great all rounder . Love the pull away assist and the cars handling. I'm 6 foot however and I can't be comfortable with someone behind me and I find the fuel economy to be somewhat of a let down for a 1.2. 4.2
Have changed to about my sixth or seventh Polo; say no more 4.2
Grate car better than a mini white is the best color to go for 4.2
All my driving life I have liked fast cars but now I am in my 70's I am going for safety, reliability, economy and comfort.  The Polo is not exciting but at my age it is easy to drive and has never let me down.  I am at the moment thinking about exchanging for a younger model. 4.2
Very comfortable to both drive, and ride, but petrol m.p.g. let it down especially, as it was a 3 cylinder model. The 1.6 golf diesel provides almost twice, as much. 4.2
Great car but mpg is shocking unless you drive like a 75 year old single lady. 4.2
Good runner! Efficient smart and reliable.  4.2
I have polo automatic it was not good on icy roads otherwise great   4.2
Fun car good in town for parking and around narrow country lanes. Plenty of seat adjustments for comfort and space. Excellent equipment as standard.  4.2
only complaint could not raise driver seat,! now have traded it in for 1.2 polo although very good for power, it suits me ,engine not so smooth. 4.2
Great car, reliable and cheap to run. Easy to drive and operate, Just basic as it comes. 4.2
Perfect for a small busy family 4.2
A super little car; it is still owned and used by the girl I sold it to over two years ago. She commutes 60 miles a day and still looking great. 4.2
An excellent car which serves me well.  My annual mileage is low and mileage on my Polo from new is just approaching 17,000 miles.  I would highly recommend VW Polo. 4.2
Even woth age these cars are reliable, I've never had to replace a single part. 4.2
Great little car at a good price. Highly recommended. 4.2
My car has been a great first car to get me around from A to B. Very reliable as nothing has gone wrong with the car since purchased, starts first time everytime & I find the car quite economical. I find when I fill the fuel tank up that can last me for up to two weeks which is handy & pretty cost effective considering I am a young driver. 4.2
 r drive automatic polo excellent car have completed 47000 trouble free miles 4.2
Fab car 4.2
I have had VW cars for 29 years.  Two VW Golfs and four VW Polos.  The Polo is great to park in tight places, great run-a-round car, always reliable. 4.2
Great little car. Always reliable. Cheap to run in terms of maintenance. Looks good and nifty for parking car tax etc.  4.2
Very reliable, good family car. Plenty of space especially for pram and shopping : )  4.2
Great little runner, not powerful uphill or with heavy load but reliable and economical. 4.2
Loved but exchanged for a beetle! Which I loved too. 4.2
Driven polo's for 45 years great everyday cars for around  town. Carried everything from prams and now golf clubs ! 4.2
It was a good runaround for work. More fun than a Renault Megane! 4.2
Great run around, excellent car in Polo White. 4.2
The VW Polo is a great every day car, it's not a Ferrari but it does exactly what it says on the tin. Would definitely recommend as an everyday family car. I've had mine 3 years and apart from tyres and servicing I've not had to spend a penny on it. 4.2
Trouble free, easy to drive, basic maintenance easy to manage. Love it and will replace with another Polo.  4.2
Just fabulous  4.2
Few warning light faults! But otherwise Volkswagen all the way 4.2
No rust, very little wear and tear. Great little car. 4.2
Great car, especially for a new driver. 4.2
Great car.. reliable, good on fuel, comfortable,  nice to drive and looks smart.. id never get a car thays not a vw 4.2
Wonderful little car! Reliable efficient and economic! Looking to purchase a more up to date Polo! Great first car also!  4.2
Love it sad to pArt with it but to old 4.2
reliable. economic .easy to park. eye catching colour. 4.2
Loved the polo - second one I have had. Kept both for a long time. Would definitely buy another one. Spacious, boot big enough for familty shop and very reliable. Spent very little on mot and services. 4.2
I still have it and share it with another driver and although its getting old im having trouble letting go of my car. 4.2
I have had my 1.4 Polo since 1999 and have not had a single problem. 4.2
Great car, common coil pack issue, but apart from that, excellent build, great handling and cheap on insurance. 4.2
Excellent small car. Top marks. 4.2
Brilliant first car. A very comfortable car with a comfy driving position. Lots of leg room in the back and plenty of space for a car seat and a decent sized boot for pushchair/shopping. Very cheap to run so ideal for family on a budget. 4.2
Sad to see it go never broke down  4.2
I find this a very useful small hatchback. Suprisingly spacious for a car of its size. Tall drivers might find the headroom a little restrictive. Economy is reasonably good and qualifies for a lower road tax band. General maintenance is fairly straight forward for the home mechanic. A good all rounder. 4.2
Cheap to run, cheap to insure, ideal first car, astoundingly reliable too. 4.2
My VW Polo 1.4 cl has served me well for almost 19 yrs & has never let me down. 4.2
If your looking for a bit if vintage fun then this is the car for you! It's proper driving at its best with no power steering, no parking sensors, CD player, heating seats, electric windows etc etc etc....it makes you think about driving!! For me less buttons and mod cons is more and that is previously what this car is! I love it! :)  4.2
Its great fun and always puts a smile on my face everytime I drive it 4.2
Mostly everything is great about this car example fuel economy, relyibility and great to drive. Only drawback with this car is its very noisey! I have had 'is this s diesel car' comment a few times now! 4.2
My polo has been such a great reliable car  4.2
its a great sturdy car and even though i got it second hand .. there was only a few minor problems i had to fix for MOT but all and all its a reliable car with great comfort. W 4.2
Considering a new car, but this one only has 38,000 miles so doesn't seem to be much point. Very pleased with the polo. 4.2
Love my little car. Apart from initial problems when it was new has been reliable.  4.2
Great car never had any problems with this car very very good on fuel, only drawback is the cost of the emmissions tax (road fund licence) what a joke. 4
Great little car. Very well built. Had no expectations but it has been a great little car to run to and from work in. 4
CAR IS OK, LACKS ENOUGH POWER AND BOOT ROOM IS POOR 4
59mpg and a VW badge - just the job for simply getting from A to B, no frills, just a good honest car - and bags of space for carrying loads with the rear seats down.  Love it. 4
If its reliability and economy you want on a budget, don't look any further, the only common problem that is so cheap to fix are lower sub-frame bushes ?25! 4
I only replaced the car because of its age, but it was a great all rounder. It was the best car I have owned to date. 4
A great car for people who want a slower, smaller, economical car! 4
We have had the POLO 1.4 SE (57 plate) for 3 years and has never gave any major problems.  The 1.4 give us a bit of extra power but it also has good economy, nearly 50 mpg when driving to work on the motorway, sticking to about 60mph.  The bodywork is still in excellent condition even although it is coming up for 8 years old. 4
Excellent build quality and specifications but a little underpowered when fully loaded.  4
My second Polo. It  ticks all the boxes and is still a good looking car. 4
The DSG gearbox lets down an otherwise good small car.  4
Fourth VW on the trot.  No matter what model they are all fab. 4
I loce my car but the fuel economy is not as it should be 4
Great car 4
Fantastic Car for the money! 4
Great cars polo s 4
250,000 miles on the clock and used every day as a driving school car. Driven by people that cannot drive. Never let me down, Built to last. Citroen and Fiats will do about 100,000 miles before they die. VW and BMW happily do over 250,000 miles. Game over...  4
It's a VW Polo at the end of the day. Well built and will do over 250,000 miles with regular servicing - but it's a Polo. No big deal. 4
Ok so its not the most fun car to drive in the world but its by far not the worst! I get about 350 miles to the tank driving back and forth to work and a little social which will normally last me the whole month. The normal VW built like a brick house standards to .... No regrets from me and I will be running this into the ground.  4
A Polo is a great value small car and you safe on your journey. It keeps its value well but most importantly it actually looks good and mine is a 5 door which is so useful. 4
great car for young family or older couple 4
The car has been the best car I have ever owned. Never had a problem with it since I had it I've done 30,000 miles and still not a single issue. Would recommend to any buyers out there! Great car, great drive 4
It's been a really reliable car, I feel very confident travelling where ever I need to go without worrying.  4
Very good car to drive 4
a good economical sensible car which is surprisingly spacious. 4
Great car, bought it for the wife but she didn't use it much so we sold it to we buy any car, great place to sell your car 4
I have owned this car for about six years now and although not he most exciting car to drive it has always been reliable and a pleasure to use. I need a work horse which is reliable attractive and versatile. I have it in my VW Polo 4
Brill never been let down.  Always have it serviced great deals 4
Cheap to run, cheap insurance/petrol/parts/servicing. Ultra reliable. But because it's a small car (1200c.c.) and only 3 cylinder it's got no ooomph! You can't have it all of course. I'll take the ultra reliable/cheap to run, thanks.  :-) 4
Very happy with my Polo, almost in mint condition after 10 years. 4
I love my car 4
Small but tough 4
A great commuting car with an amazing punch of acceleration when needed. Actually wish I had kept it over the Cooper S I replaced it with. 4
Unique driving experience due to its design compared to popular 5 door models such as Ford Fiesta, Citroen 3, Honda Civic and Nissan Micra etc. Very reliable, solid and comfortable car. 4
Generally a sturdy car, does everything and above average, couldn't expect any less. 4
Great first car - reliable, cheap to run, durable and fun to drive. This was my first car that I learnt to drive in and it lasted me 7 years and I've just traded up for a newer model! 4
My Polo has been exceptionally reliable, economical and a good all round car, it is now just getting old unfortunately but I would definitely buy another one.**** 4
My Polo is 10 years old and I love it, but have had to have new clutch, both electric windows replaced (motors) the wishbone underneath replaced, a new catalytic convertor and now it needs a new cam belt as approaching 70k miles - it also lets in water from underneath if parked in a puddle .... 4
Although the car was great to drive, very reliable and I would recommend it I felt it was very basic inside.  Nothing outstanding. 4
As a cheap run about for around town you couldn't fault it really. Good on fuel for a car of this vintage, easy to park & cheap to run. My partner really liked it until the family outgrew it. 4
ggood solid roundabout  not glamorous but reliable.  4
I am very happy with my car and just wish it was a few years younger 4
Very reliable and good on petrol that's what is very important to me. 4
Very reliable and economic.  4
Great little car perfect for first time drivers and just a joy to drive even on long journeys 4
Really good car to own for a first time driver, cheap to run with a 1 litre engine, ?20.00 of petrol does me at least 170 miles, comfortable to drive around very cheap for first time drivers to insure, i would recommend this sort of car to anyone especially first time new drivers. 4
I've put mk3 golf gti seats in mine much comfy 4
There is SO many things you can do with a polo it's unreal, and for a very reasonable price! Mine was quite a head turner to say the least! I also love the amount of polo enthusiasts out there too.  4
Excellent for city drive,quite flexible and powerful engine  with automatic speed gears.. Not quite good for long drive outside the city as it has only four automatic gears..  4
I've had my polo for 20years and it has rarely given me any problems. It does not like sitting in the rain for a week or two. So when I come home from a holiday it needs much encouragement to start up and keep going. I've just had the first large bill for a new distributor, but now I hope to get another ten years from it and by then I will be 80!! 4
this is a P Reg second car which I use for local trips, although I have used it Oxford to Liverpool when my wife neeeded the Passat. I bought it  because I knew it was going to be boringly  reliable and that's what it is. 4
Great drive great fun 4
So disappointed in the mileage I'm getting. Otherwise I love the car. 4
It is an automatic and can be slightly underpowered, otherwise we have loved it as a run around. W H Spaight 4
Great little car 4
Good car 4
Small car with lots of boots room. 4
Was a fantastic first car and was still running fine after having it for 6 years! Had to upgrade but stuck with VW. If you want a comfortable car that's reliable to the end look no further!  4
Car was amazing for fuel consumption.. easy to drive, good to get around in, cheap to insure and road tax.. ideal for 1st time drivers or someone looking for a good reliable run around motor 4
Brilliant little car cheap too run and always reliable  4
Does what it says on the tin. Could be more refined. 3.8
Actually getting 75mpg! 3.8
Boot may be small,however when you put the rear seats down it is amazing what you can get in, i took a cot dismantled,a ramp to assemble at my sons house,a dishwasher full size, and our luggage ( and my wife loves luggage!!) all from Hereford to Leatherhead 3.8
Gearbox noise developed at 52000 miles in a 5 year old polo which I was not impressed with when I ended up having to pay ?560 to get repaired.  Front suspension console bushes also needed replacing costing another ?320 so all in all not built to last as advertised. 3.8
A fine basic car for running around London and perfectly Ok for the occasional longer journeys,  For years the car was used on a 50 mile round trip daily commute and never failed.  Maintenance costs acceptable, particularly as I have a very good independent garage looking after it.  In spite of the ridiculous cost of fuel now its economy softens the blow.  I like its mid-range acceleration. 3.8
It's my baby! First cars are always the best 3.8
Good car fuel wise and cheap road tax. Definitely economical and fairly reliable 3.8
As a reliable, economical and stylish means of getting around this little beauty would be hard to beat.  3.8
basic but perfectly adequate, cute and with a VW badge 3.8
I had a bit of trouble with this car leaking internally and I could t find a garage who was able to find a solution. However, shortly after I was involved in an accident and it stood up fantastically... The other car was pretty much squashed at the front. My polo had a bit of a dent on the back bumper but from inside there was no evidence of a crash which was very lucky since my dog was in the boot. A very strong car. 3.8
Sturdy, nippy little car! 3.8
I love Volkswagons. They never seem to date and although my car is over 10 years old, other than the number plate you would never know. Great little runaround for me. 3.8
so far the car has proved reliable and reasonably economical  3.8
Bought at 11 months of age for ?6200-00 and has had around 4 faults (all fairly minor) on top of routine servicing in 89000miles. Feels more expensive than it was and front seats very comfortable with the car capable of long distances with relative ease. Less comfortable in the rear but this is a small car. Overall so far has been a great car and finish level is excellent. 3.8
Love the car but feel the basic model should have electric windows as standard 3.8
The Polo Match is Volkswagen's equivalent of Ford's Fiesta Zetec, slightly sportier than other models, but with touches of luxury (air conditioning is standard) as well. I have Built in factory fitted Bluetooth in my vehicle which helps keep me from points. 3.8
A great car. Has never let me down. Would definitely buy vw again. 3.8
I have a 1.2 litre TSi 105bhp SEL 3 dr Mk5 Polo. I bought it new in Sept 2010 and have since covered over 30,000 miles in it! It has a 6 speed gear box and does 0-60 in approx 9.1 seconds if I remember correctly. I chose to have the black pearlescent paint, a multifunction steering wheel, cornering fog lights and 17" boavista wheels - the only mistake I made in my options were the wheels. They look amazing but make the ride very hard and at times on these British roads, a bit uncomfortable!  When I took it in for its first service at 10,000 miles, it required an engine remap as other cars must have had problems (I hadn't noticed anything wrong!) The only problem I have had with it was minor - the passenger door handle was sticking a bit but this was easily fixed, the lock has become dislodged slightly and was put back in place at its service.   I have found this car very easy to live with and drive. It has a good amount of boot space for my needs and it has been packed to the ceiling on a couple of occasions when we went camping in Cornwall - it faired very well on the journey down reaching over 50mpg despite being fully laden (back seats included!) Day to day use regualrly brings back high 40 / low 50 mpg readings on the computer and I have managed to achieve a maximum of 466 miles on a tank (could have done ever so slightly more but didn't want to risk it!) Even when the car is driven hard, it still returns late 30s / early 40 mpg readings.   The road tax is reasonable at ?100 per year currently.   This engine has a turbo strapped to it which kicks in at 1500rpm and allows for easy overtakes and more power when needed. It sits easily at 70 mph in 6th gear on the motorway with no fuss from the engine and is happy to do more when the speed limit allows. I also find it easy to drive around town in as the turbo gives it the power low down in the rev range.  I find the car easy to park but that may be down to lots of practise! I always reverse into spaces and 3.8
Great to get 50= mpg from a 1.4 petrol engine but less than pleased when the start/stop technology let us down on the M6 with under 1,000 miles on the clock - starter motor burnt out but VW's recovery worked well and we soon had a hire car delivered whilst our Polo was fixed. Otherwise a nice car with plenty of extras and lots of 'go' if you need it, or economy if you prefer to see how far a gallon will take you. 3.8
 Solid build, reliable, firm ride - just what one expects from VW. 3.8
Ok if you don't want a car with any acceleration or power. Not at all nippy, so ok for a second car just to go to the shops in. Very disappointed, mis sold by VW garage.  3.8
Good car but would like a bit more comfort.  Eg back support  Ing seat   3.8
excellent car overall 3.8
It suits my requirements I have had it since April 2009 and up to now I am quitesatisfied. 3.8
Great little hot hatch! The 1.8t engine pulls like a train. The ride is fairly firm but you have to expect that of a gti what with the stiffer suspension.  3.8
Good drive,economic, decent buy  3.8
great wee car 3.8
nice car, shame about the service? 3.8
A good, tough, roomy, well-mannered small car. Can get a surprising amount in the hatch back, good and resilient round town and well behaved on slippery country roads in heavy rain. G  3.8
A lovely car to drive,like sitting in an armchair,a pleasure to drive,no trouble at all. 3.8
Great car for everyone. Good run around and spacious when required. Lovely to drive 3.8
VW Polo is an amazing car, comfortable, solid, grips the road, and economical - really a lovely, safe drive .... 3.8
ideal small car, plenty of boot space, excellent on motorway, really easy to drive, brilliant town car, but, a bit underpowered, sluggish up a hill, can't get away quickly at roundabouts etc, not 'zippy' 3.8
Very efficient fuel consumption.  3.8
I have owned and driven this car for 11 years now, it has never let me down! 3.8
It did everything it said on the tin - but it was anything but tinny! 3.8
Think VWs are reliable and keep their value 3.8
Repairs are expensive 3.8
Its a little big car to me. Hatchback that I have used as a work horse. I still drive it everywhere with total confidence and alougth I could easily afford a change of car I see no reason to change it  3.8
polo cheap modern for what they are great first car as German build quality an as i say lovely car for the price cheap to insure an tax an cheap to run big thumbs up 3.8
Great little car, so economical to drive, few issues especially with with electrics but overall a very reliable car 3.8
I've had very few problems with this car. It's a neat little runner with bags of space. Overall a decent purchase 3.8
Had a polo for the first 5 years of me driving apart from a couple of months that I had a corsa i between. The corsa was ruined after 3 months. Never had a problem with the polo! Think that's all I need to say. RELIABLE! 3.8
Always agile enough even in the busy city centre and comfortable 3.8
To get full driving satisfaction, this car needs regular servicing by Volkswagen or equally competent mechanics. 3.8
had mine for 13years from new and still going strong! 3.8
All round great little package, only down sides: Needs 6 th gear Seats could be more contoured. Steering lock not re best re Parkin , as had bigger cars in past that were easier with better wheel lock. 3.8
Great little car, but I wouldn't get anything smaller than the 1.4 unless you don't mind pootling along. Handling is fantastic however (especially if you pop some bigger wheels on it. You get the normal high quality interior, engine, drive-train et all.  On the whole a pretty great car, I would recommend as a first car or other car. 3.8
Comfortable, drives well and Volkswagen's have never let me down. Great, reliable little run around. 3.8
lovely car 3.8
Still going strong after 100,000 miles 3.8
Very practical car - not the most exciting, but gets from A to B reliably 3.8
built to last.   3.8
I keep thinking I ought to update, but I like it too much! 3.8
nice little run around good on fuel great for longer journeys too 3.8
You can't beat a VW 3.8
Pros Great fuel economy Plenty driving room for a six footer  Cons Slow off the mark 0 to 60 best recorded on a calendar  3.8
It is great for new drivers, fast and reliable I love it! 3.8
Great car to drive love it so smooth best car I've owned so far 3.8
Good wee cars economys good for a second car,cheap to insure aswell 3.8
A good way to save money and still drive a German car. 3.7
Yes I have the 1.2 Bluemotion 5 door, yes its a bit noisy starting, but once its warmed up its fine, not a bad drive, its BIG plus point is the 83+ MPG, no road tax, insurance is cheap & holds its price reasonably well 3.7
Very economical at c. 75 mpg but not as good as the manufacturers figures for fuel economy.  3.7
The car was totally reliable and fuel economy was superb. I could easily get 60 per gallon on a run. Car was a bit boring to drive with few extras. Ideal car for older couple with no children. 3.7
Plucky little car with great economy.  Not the quietest or the most refined due to odd sounding 3 cylinder diesel but perfect for communting/shopping/city car.  Seats were a bit firm and limited luggage space but quite fun to drive.  No problems in 2 years of ownership. 3.7
Great car very reliable. 3.7
has been a very good car and very reliable 3.7
My husband has pinched it as it saves him money than our other car a Rav 4 ... which i have to now pay the petrol on!! 3.7
This is one of the models with a three cylinder engine.  If you read around this car you will find there is a major problem on this engine with valve burn out.  It happened on my car where the cylinder head had to be replaced as a result.  I paid ?800 to sort out.  As a result I would avoid.    Other than that the car is built well in and out and is a decent town car.  As with many hatchbacks, it is uncomfortable if you are tall and travel any great distance (I am 6"1). 3.7
My polo has been realiable and cheap to run. A good solid car will definitely be buying another one.  3.7
My car is great I love it there just one thing I would change and that would be the fuel economy  3.7
!st Gear very low .2nd gear rather high, so a smooth takeaway not easy. Too much front tyre noise for a modern car. 3.7
we part ex this car for another  polo  wanted a white one and one came available  so we part ex plus  this car had a bad smell of damp  we have had V W for the last 15 years and touch wood we have never had any problems with them they have always been very reliable cars     3.7
The VW brand is as ever totally reliable but I was very disappointed with this particular model in relation to fuel economy. I had  a SKODA and SEAT previously and both had a larger engine and yet were more economical to run so I will be going back to a SKODA Fabia next 3.7
Grate little car but disappointed in the fuel I thought it would be doing about ,40 to 50 to the gallon other than that not a bad car for the size at all  3.7
looks nice ,good solid reliable but a bit boring and lacking in go .seats not as comfortable and supportive as golf sports ones 3.7
Nice car. Easy to drive. Lovely gear change. 3.7
Good small car, very nippy easy to park and reliable. 3.7
Great first car. 3.7
An economical and fun car.  Great for young and old drivers.  A timeless car that has no boundaries. 3.7
Great car for driving short distances, but the fuel consumption is not good. 3.7
Very comfortable rides and durable car 3.7
I enjoy driving my polo. Very nippy little run around.  3.7
Everything I would expect from a Volkswagon 3.7
I like Volkswagen and my polo 1.2 s was pretty basic but took me on many safe journeys with giving me any cause for concern. Cheap to insure and I would have another if the chance came about. 3.7
Good car to drive, never had any mechanical problems with it. 3.7
Good, reliable, tough and economical. 3.7
Lovely, reliable car; just getting a bit old now, just like me!! 3.7
Not so economical as I had hoped for on a long run compared with 2.0 lt.  Nissan 3.7
Its a small but quick car, great fun to drive 3.7
reliable motor...50mpg on a m'way trip 3.7
I owned this Car for 6 years. Faultless and enjoyable. 3.7
Good we car 3.7
It was a hot to drive what more can I say 3.7
I'm surprised how many of these are still running around, looking as good as new after almost 20 years service! :-) 3.7
The polo was a nice little mover and very economicial to run  it had the best heater of all the cars that i have had  and the new models i presume would be even better to maitain and drive  3.7
Good Car 3.7
Great drive 3.7
really good car 3.7
IT was my first and a good car,quite old thats way a needed  sold it.miss it and have a good experience. 3.7
great reliable car, that even with 100,000 miles on was still comfortable and reliable. driving 500 miles per week plus family france holidays, the little polo did it all. 3.7
I was shocked when I found out the hard way, clutch pedal broke, that the pedals are plastic! 3.7
Great solid, reliable, classy little car.  3.7
Built like a tank,  very solid little car,  Pulls very well and good mpg would have another,  I prefer it to my partners 2012 Polo. 3.5
Ideal for Grandparents! 3.5
Brilliant little car, we've had three. Put some snow tyres on and it' just fine in the NE Scotland winter! 3.5
Hardly any problems over 187000 miles 3.5
small in size 3.5
love my car but drinks petrol.  3.5
Great to drive, reliable, comfortable, excellent value for money and lot of additional features included in the price.  Only real disappointment is the fuel economy which is not as good as advertised. 3.5
very noisy cars 3.5
I loved my 1st VW polo - it was great to drive, quite nippy and had a 1st class gearbox. In 2011 I traded it in for the new polo but I've been disappointed with this replacement. It's sluggish and the engine labours at times, so I feel it's underpowered; also the gearbox is not nearly as smooth as in my previous car, so all in all I've been unhappy with it. So much so that I'm uncertain if I'd risk buying another VW polo.  3.5
Good car but not so good on fuel consumption. 3.5
Excellent small car. Feels very secure and fab to drive. I think even men would love it's looks and performance.as I think that the poo is seen as a woman's car. Trust me its not 3.5
Changed for Peugeot 107. Felt that it was neither small car ir a big car and not that roomy inside. More passenger room in our 107 and more economical. 3.5
i would recommend go for the five door model as its more practical as i had 3 door model which i found there is a design fauit when you are a short driver . i found when you left the front seat up  to gain access the head  restraint all ways  hit the sun visor and you all ways had to support the seat to stop it falling back ( WHAT A PAIN) the DSG  automatic gear box is ok but there is a slight  delay at standstill so you have to think carefully about when pulling out in to traffic . besides this a good car 3.5
Reliable, and relatively economical, very well built. But very unsatisfying to drive.  3.5
There are very few special features to this car but having said that it really is a car that will get you from A to B reliably for years. It is perfect as someone's first car - the tax isn't too bad, wheels are standard so easy/cheaper to replace, few mod cons in the actual car to go wrong and insurance, depending on experience, can be fairly priced.  3.5
Great sturdy runaround, no major faults with the running of it. Seem to have constant issues with new tyres and faults with suspension but engine has been fine. I have more issues with VW garages, costs and work quality. 3.5
Very economical and very low maintenance to run. A great car for people who want an easy driving life.  3.5
amazing little first car vehicle, may have faults but rarely breaks down. look after your vehicle and it will look after you. 3.5
I enjoy my polo its a good first car :)  It is a old boy now 12 years old. It does seem to have some power going on which I enjoy! I have a few problems with like the catalyst converter and a coil. 3.5
Great for first car and very economical  3.5
Good first car 3.5
I loved mine,just the person before had put there own sunroof in,which started to drip when it rained,but other than that,great. 3.5
Great car, no issues with it.  3.5
The car did develop gear selection issues which one could live with, but lowered the re-sale value 3.5
Excellent value car, good build quality, no problems even when not driven for long periods. 3.5
It was a nice little car it did its job 3.5
Great little runabout, economical, practical, comfortable and easy to park. Also very reliable. 3.5
great car but could never live up to the 1972 fiat 500  3.5
I've had my VW Polo for years. It's been a great car and very reliable 3.5
very reliable little runner 3.5
56mpg no matter how it is driven, slow but should last for ever! 3.5
Altough the basic model, it was reliable and good to drive.  3.5
nice and reliable car 3.5
Its a great little runabout. very fuel efficient, easy to park and nippy about town yet it can hols it's own on the motorway. The electric windows, mirrors and sunroof just add to the apeal. Great little car! 3.5
Polo Bluemotion is a real Jekyll and Hyde car, great for long distances on fast, flatish roads, where tall gear ratios are a benefit and gives an easy 60+ mpg, but for even moderate uphill and down dale driving plus round town then the high gearing is total pain. Tyre wear for the low rolling resisitence tyres was also very high. This plus slightly higher insurance meant overall it was no more econmical to run than a preivously owned standard 80bhp 1.4 TDI. 3.3
I have had several Polos.  This one had a failure in the gearbox costing me ?700.  Not good enough after only four years. I have however purchased a new Math and hope this will last longer. 3.3
Nice Car very reliable and great fuel economy, TDI was a bit sluggish and it had no umphhh  !!!! Felt safe as with all VW's but not that exciting 3.3
i would ways buy a Blue motion polo, my new one is even better then the first 3.3
Very reliable but boring and a bit ruddy,duddy. 3.3
Very comfortable but a bit sluggish. 3.3
Great  3.3
the only thing  I would like is 1400 hundred engine I feel it would be better on the motorway 3.3
Not as reliable as my Previous new Polo 1997 Model 3.3
Very reliable and economical. Not the most comfortable to drive for long periods particularly if you are tall. 3.3
Good reliable car, decreasing fuel economy the older it gets. Comfortable and easy to drive. 3.3
We have owned this car from new (56 plate). No major faults. We have had to replace most of the ignition coils so far but this is a fairly inexpensive repair depending on who you take it to.  For a 1.4 its not that powerful and not that comfortable over long distances but for a town runabout its ideal. The car is well built and no squeaks have occurred over the 40000 miles we have covered.  3.3
Does not have the once renowned VW build quality. Problems with switches and locks, but all in still a good runner. 3.3
Would recommend you buy the diesel version 3.3
I had the car for 3 years. Never had anything go wrong with it. Was a nice car, I traded it in for a new polo. 3.3
good as a second car very practical  3.3
Vw,s are not what they once were ,not as reliable,I wouldn,t buy another polo 3.3
Ideal first car, very nippy and reliable. Solid bodywork, and reasonable to get repaired. Good looking car and great ergonomics, very simple gadgets and functions. Excellent for commuting and parking in tight spots. Overall a great first car! 3.3
The road tax is expensive compared to other cars.  3.3
Great first car 3.3
She is now 12 years old and I have had her from new.  Apart from one replacement gearbox ( a weakness with VW I believe) she has been pretty reliable and I hope to have her for a year or two more! 3.3
I'm sure in it's day the car was super and thankfully it was always very good to me but it was time for it to hang up it's boots, it was quite old and had begun to get the shakes.  But other than it's age and given the mileage it had done throughout it's life it was a super car. 3.3
Fairly average car which has strong appeal  Honda civic is much better allround with great reliability 3.3
Cannot understand boring not boring rating, either one or other.  Excellent runaround car. 3.3
Noise on engine from brand new, never rectified by VW despite complaining on a regular basis.  3.3
Nice sporty and good looking car 3.3
its a grate car but not for comfort ideal for potting  around in  3.3
Got this as a second car,has been a good wee car,fuel consumption is not so good for a 1.4,but its a second car,other than that,good all round. 3.3
The pump under bonnet makes a lot of noise,so i drown it out with the radio.  From a cold start the engine is generally noisey too,sounds a bit like a lawn mower. Car looks ok but mine only has 1200 engine so up hill climbs a bit slow but other than that handles to road ok.Small engine no spare wheel so no road tax to pay a big plus . 3.2
I can't click the hearts:( It doesn't seem to work 3.2
I did not do my homework on this car before I bought it. After buying it I realised It only has 3 cylinders so is much noisier to drive at high speed and the fuel economy was really disappointing. It did not even match my previous car which was a 1.4 Seat petrol and it was 2-years older. Needless to say the VW brand is still brilliant but this model is pants. 3.2
The only way to get good mileage is to use super unleaded petrol. No great power to car! 3.2
nice car,drives well just wish it would wash itself! 3.2
The new polo is a much more streamlined model than this one. I have sold mine now but it was 100% reliable. In the nine years I owned the car I had very few issues and did over 100k miles in her.  3.2
Lots of engine problems one after another. Had a never ending story with this car 3.2
Wish I had gone for the next one up model. Is a nice little runner but very slow up hill and expected better fuel economy. Is a sturdy trusted vw though as expected. Feels solid.  3.2
A good small little run around car, good for running around town. Not the greatest amount of space being a small car.  3.2
Bought the car very cheap, had it over a year, passed both mots Iv put it through, and has never let me down. Bit noisey but great little runner.  3.2
I have a polo twist 1.2 it's my first car and this is my star rating for it :)  3.2
Was initially very pleased with Polo, however incident occurred after just 14months when car stopped while driving. After being left for almost 6 weeks without a car it was returned from VW  garage, injectors and the like replaced. Now there seems to be a 'strange' sensation happening predominantly when going down-hill car seems to slow-down - 2 further visits to VW and no fault is diagnosed although this strange sensation is still on-going. Looking forward to changing! 3
The problem with this care was the filter causing the problems and the car having to be rebooted at the garage. I tried this in for a 1.2 tdi which i have had not problem with but is now near as fund to drive as the 1.6 but is more reliable 3
there was always something about the car that didn't feel right I never worked out what it was but I was never comfortable driving it. 3
Nice little safe car, great for anyone starting out  3
We buy a new VW Polo every few years to use as a driving school car. We keep them for about 250,000 or five years. They just work year after year. Have them serviced by a main VW garage and they keep going. Great little cars. Fords and Citroens last for about 100,000 miles but VW's keep on going. 3
Had lots of problems with the engine management system. I didnt like this polo compared to it's predessors....I have always had Vw's and think that they are great and i must say that I was really put off by the problems I had with this model....Maybe it was just one that had ongoing problems...like sometimes you get one of them that goes forever without a hiccup and then theres some like the one I had.......... 3
Its is a perfectly running car. It does not look that great but still a fabulous car. 3
ok  3
this car is everything i need    ,whith the seats down its like a tardis   The capacity is fantastic  3
good and relaible car 2.8
Uncomfortable seats, poor ride. Road holding average. 2.8
This is a really dull car to drive, fuel consumption, even considering it is an auto, is disappointing.  It is however, very well built, just like my Passat, which I think is just about the best car  I have ever owned!   If you are a city dweller and rather elderly with no inclination to hurry between appointments then this is the car for you and the auto box makes driving city driving much less arduous.  The car only has 10,000 miles having belonged to an elderly lady for the first 7 years of its life.  I bought it 6 weeks ago and would gladly sell it tomorrow - any offers? 2.8
cars ok but it need a few little things it should have like horn dose not work if inshon not on and windows wont shut  just little things it should do. being a new car even my old van dose those things   THANKS   Steven , 2.8
Very basic car, would be better to wait and save up for Golf. 2.8
the 2007 models have a fault...my rear wheels continually froze in the winter ...jamming so it would'nt move..I have always owned VWs but that is the last one...although I stayed with the VAG and got an Audi A1 ... 2.8
Engine failure experienced at only 68000 miles - not what I would have expected with a Volkswagen.  2.8
More fragile than the previous model, which we owned for over 10 years. Nice engine, very delicate suspension. electronics beginning to play up. Garage unable to rectify ABS fault lamp on dash. 2.8
Not as much fun to drive as the old 1600. The electrics are complicated and unreliable. Good on corners but so underpowered. Comfy seats and roomy for a little car and economic on fuel. I would swap it for the old 1600 anyday. 2.8
a solid reliable little car that makes a great little runaround or first car.  Not great if you have to make long journeys as very noisy over 60 mph.  It's quite basic but makes up for lack of style in cheap trouble free motoring. 2.8
A good car but when it starts to go wrong expensive to repair  2.8
Has lots of costly faults  2.8
The best of this car is: it keeps its market price, ages well and it doesn't give you too many problems. 2.8
1.2 is clunky and noisy and not especially frugal. Go for the 1.4 petrol. 2.7
In the 1st year I had the car the battery failed through no fault of  mine. Simply by standing in very cold weather it drained completetly. According to RAC it wasnt due to light being left on ect.The driver side rear door's lock failed on 3 separate occasions, resulting in the door not locking. They said that it had lost it's programme but eventually it had to be replaced. The workings of the other locks had to be trimmed?? The petrol cap lock failed and I could not open it. This piece of plastic was ?110 to replace. All in first 2-3 yrs. 2.7
very reliable but not much fun!! and not comfortable for any distant driving 2.7
A most disappointing model, stop start is maybe, less economical than a W reg Golf TDi, Left knee rest against the centre console which becomes most uncomfortable, the torque combined with gear ratios requires many gear changes.  2.5
After driving this car for three years & 37000 miles from new, I found it to be unreliable. The clutch master cylinder failed leaving me stranded. The eclectric windows kept sticking. The engine had very annoying dead spots making it no fun to drive. It is not cheap & after driving a Ford Fiesta Diesel & a Hyundai i20 diesel I can honestly say they are both much better cars! 2.5
Worst car I have ever owned. As another reviewer stated there is a major engine fault with the 2005 version which causes a dangerously severe misfire. Had the head sorted as one of the valves was cracked - it started misfiring again 12 months later. Coils done, fine for a month or so then misfiring again then the same with the injector. Car had less than 40,000 miles on it. Would never buy a VW again. 2.5
Had major problems with this car started misfiring and since has had a engine rebuild  2.5
Biggest problem I found was that the door pillar on the 4 door car is too far forward and being tall thus restricted access to front driver seat -couldn't live with this 2.5
My car is currently in the garage as we speak as it won't start.......garage can't find out what is wrong with it so it has been sent to another one where they r currently scratching there heads!not a good time to ask me for a review when my car is broke! VW is suppose to be reliable but I have had a few things go wrong with it!thinking of getting a new car as cant be done with the hassle no more!!!!!!!! 2.5
Basic and noisy 2.5
Very disappointed in this car compared to previous Polos - constantly in the garge requiring attention to the coils - would definitely not recommend ! 2.5
Car was awful, wouldn't recommend. 2.5
Very poor reliability for what is supposed to be a premium product. 2.5
Smart little car, poor economy on shorter journeys, reliable motor. 2.5
Best car I have ever owned was a VW Polo 2.5
Not very reliable, always having engine problems because of oil and eventually blew up. 2.5
Build quality poor........................very disappointing for a VW . Many problems from new. Delivered with faults. Built in Spain!!!????? 2.5
Anything but reliable - disappointing as it was purchased from new and had regular service.  Will not be purchasing another! 2.5
I had the car on a lease from my work. There were several faults on the car but Inchcape VW Dealership in Shrewsbury were not very helpful.  Apparently it was my driving - which was offensive as the car was faulty but being a woman they would not accept my word. The car was surging in 2nd gear when slowing down.  There was a picture in a local paper of one of these Polo's attached to a lamp post. It has put me off buying any thing VW if I have to take it to that Dealership.  2.3
Very disappointed in this re-vamped car. Lots of things taken away and not much new items added. Very expensive extras.  Bought a brand new KIA  Ceed, 7 year warranty and all extra's included, beautiful, comfortable drive. 2.3
fuel economy on this polo 1.4 automatic is very bad. lucky to get about 25 miles per gallon in town, and 30 miles per gallon on a mortorway run.  not happy at all.  jeyarajah 2.3
problems with components, especially the powered steering, costly repairs. Fiat panda trekki much better car and cheaper to buy and run. 2.3
Bought this car and have had constant issues with repairs to the suspension front and back. Really disappointed bought a vw because of their supposed reliability and over 5 years now I can honestly ask what reliability?! 2.3
Expensive to run on petrol and tax for a small car. 2.3
Poor quality and a poor drive 2.3
Awful car but the new ones are much better just don't get any polo from 99-03  2.2
Very unreliable. Went in to 'limp mode' at least once every 3 months. Recurring problems: EGR Valve Coil Pack Spark Plugs Plug Leads  Cost on average 100 every couple of months to keep on the road, as well as fuel and tax. 2.2
Full opf faults from the moment it was delivered new from the factory via a VW Main Dealer. Further major faults over the next couple of years, at least they were dealt with under warranty !!! 2.2
I was entirely unhappy with my VW Polo and based on this experience I would not purchase another Polo. 2
The build quality was very poor but this was a model that was built in Poland  2
If you thinking of buying one-----------DON'T 2
Has to be the most disappointing car I have ever owned in over thirty years of motoring. Totally un-inspiring to drive. Underpowered even for a "nippy" 1.4. Not very economical. DSG gearbox very hesitant from standstill, to the point of feeling unsafe or even dangerous. Very plastic and cheaply upholstered. Has been recalled by VW several times and been booked in by myself several times to check gearbox, clutches etc. Very expensive car for what it is. Had to down grade from my favourite BMW's due to retirement, hoped my motoring experience would have helped me choose better, my fault. Wish I could afford to change it! I would not recommend a VW Polo to anybody. 2
I have always had volkswagen and found them excellent but my latest has been the most unreliable car I have ever owned and the dealers told me what do expect it is three years old, but at the time had only done about 21,000, cost over ?3500 on various repairs 2
I love my gti polo 2
Faulty engine dreadful service from vw 2
Bought my car in 07 when it was just 3 years old and have had trouble with it since. Cat problems, emission problems, timing chain problems. Bought for 5000k and spent upwards of 1500k just to keep it on the road. Not recommended at all! 2
really liked this car but felt every bump in the road which given the bad state of the roads was frequent. Nice little car would have liked to get a Golf when we disposed of this  Polo- husband was keen o Fords which we now have but I intend that we should have a Golf soon!!  2
Its not a bad first car,it is nippy i give you that, it will get you from a to b and  that's about it. Now for bad points electrics are pain in the ass when they don't work. (windows, front mirier s ext) the sunroof is a waste of time and there is not enough power going up hills. Basically when it starts to fall apart get rid of it!! because it wont last that long :D  2
This is the 1.2 diesel.  Don't get this one 1.8
for the amount of money poorly built and to much moulded plastic.to much engine and road noise.  1.8
Do not buy the DSG version. 7 speeds and it always wants to be in another gear. Never stops changing gear. Even worse up hill. ?? 1.8
Very low seating, had to buy cushion to enable me to see when reversing, I'm 5ft 4 so not tiny! Had to do same with a previous VW. It's only fault really. 1.8
Not the best engine burning out values and misfiring  1.7
VERY GOOD ALL ROUND WITH NO BREAKDOWNS IN THE 3 YEARS I HAD CAR 1.7
Poor quality build of VW, basic  & empty. 1.7
i am not happy with the all round vision i have  in this new model, I found my old previous Polo had much beeter all round vision!  1.7
Very poor economy, breaks down all the time. Probably spent the car's value on maintenance. Comfortable to a degree, good for long journeys but really sluggish, slow and overall disappointed for a VW. Won't buy again.   1.7
Nothing but problems with this car 1.7
Hateful little skip. My first car. Noisey, uncomfortable, poorly equipped, handled like a shopping trolley and otherwise had all the practicality issues of a small car without the benefits 1.7
The only bugbear I had with this car was in the cold weather the doors not only be almost impossible to open, but once you had succeeded they would then lock you in which I found quite worrying. 1.5
Hello i brought this car because of the so called famous VW build quality well sorry but i could not have been more wrong. I have had numerous problems, the fuel economy is rubbish and its actually quite uncomfatable to drive.  To Sum Up Don't Buy This Car. 1.5
Heavier on petrol than I would like apart from that a good car 1.3
Automatic gearbox is a real lemon 1.3
Would not change for another make 1.3
Worst car I ever had   1.3
The car was so unreliable that it spent more time in the garage than on the road. It also cost a big fortune in repair bills-last repair costed about ?2500. I will not buy another VW car nor would I  recommend it to anybody. 1.3
the most unreliable car i have had 14,000 miles  & red low oil pressure warning light, cost over ?600 to put right at rip off vw garage . will never buy another vw .  1.2
Engine management light continually on, this despite 6 attempts by dealer(mains dealer) to solve the problem. Then an engine change, oil fault, water fault plus once again engine management warning light. 3cylinder cars just don't work and that goes double for the polo. 1.2
I'd rather own a packet of polos then a polo car  1.2
I have had my car from 2003 and it has served  me very well with hardly any major mechanical problems.  It is econimical with fuel and runs like a dream.  I would recommend anyone to buy Volkswagen cars as they are sturdy, reliable and look good too.  I would love a to have aa newer model but cannot afford to a present. 1.2
Had mine five years and had loads of trouble with it engine management light keeps coming on and loss of power  1.2
love it  1
This car has another driver almost 2 years. Please, stop sending to me again messages with details of that car.  1
worst car i have ever had the misfortune to be behind the wheel of, should have a,no stars option 1
This is the worst car I have ever had, the build quality was rubbish, it leaked every time it rained, the fuel economy was only 35-40 mpg when VW said 90 mpg. I had dealer fitted heated seats which would not turn off and burnt you as you drove along. The car was only worth about 1/2 of what I paid for it when I part exchanged it. I have owned 10 Volkswagens and always trusted the brand but this will be my last - do not buy one of these cars as they are rubbish !!!  out
Brilliant car- reliable, economical-the family has 5 of them- all silver - looks like a VW garage site when they all come home ! out
Most reliable car I ever had. Very comfortable to drive. Though class as a small car, it has unbeliveablely lots of space insde. Very stable on moterway drive. out
wonderful solid drive - feels safe - leather steering wheel adds warmth, grip and comfort. Lots of boot space - helped to keep tidy by keeping all those bits and pieces underneath the boot shelf out of sight. Despite being smaller than the golf, this is not noticeable as it still seats 5 people with plenty of room. out
O out
Excellent car, I love it !! out
I have not owned this car for almost 2 years out
I totally love my car we have driven in some really tough unusal weather this last couple of years and she has never let me down yet. great to drive very economical totally reliable just wish the seats were a little more comfy but you cant have everything i give my car a zillion out of 10 mwahhhhhhhh out
My polo was a wonderful little car very reliable and really handled well even on motorways it felt like driving a much bigger car. I was sorry to exchange it but I needed a higher car to get in and out of. out
I have had it 3 years. It's never broken down in all that time. It hasn't failed an MOT either. It's so reliable. I was thinking of selling it but it's so trustworthy I'm going to keep it!  And it's bright red too which is my favourite colour!! out
Dreadful car, has put me off VWs for life. Lots of mechanical and electrical problems. out
Love it  out
Very reliable easy to drive out
10,000 trouble free miles.  Sold it for what I paid for it.  What more do you want for a cheap run-around.  out
a great little car ,still running nicely.i belives it is because of volkswagen ,i could use it now out
been a good solid reliable car out
Love my little car - had it almost 12 years and still going strong.  did have some gearbox issues last year but got all sorted.    I have encouraged other friends to buy Polo's too. out
An absolute rubbish vehicle, the worst I've ever owned. Stiff clutch, faulty electric windows. "EPC" light (whatever that is) constantly appearing, strange noises, battery inexplicably going flat. Tyres worn out in a flash, scraping sound from steering, faulty petrol locking cap, need I go on. A complete and utter piece of crap.  out
It very good. Car. And very good economy   out
Its great to drive  out